Booking.com:
Terms and Conditions.
Skip to main content
Select a page
Terms of Service
Customer terms of service
Updated August 25, 2025
Print
Print
Review
section A20
carefully, as it contains provisions governing how to resolve disputes between you and Booking.com (the “arbitration agreement”). Among other things, section A20 includes an agreement to arbitrate that requires, with limited exceptions, that all disputes between you and us will be resolved by binding and final arbitration. Section A20 also contains a class action and jury trial waiver.
Unless you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate within 30 days: (1) you will only be permitted to pursue disputes or claims and seek relief against us through binding, final arbitration, with limited exceptions, and you waive your right to participate in a class action lawsuit or other representative proceeding or class-wide arbitration; and (2) you are waiving your right to pursue disputes or claims and seek relief in a court of law and to have a jury trial.
A. All Travel Experiences
A1. Definitions
A2. About these terms
A3. About Booking.com
A4. Our Platform
A5. Our values
A6. Your experience with our Platform
A7. Prices
A8. Payment
A9. Policies
A10. Privacy and cookies
A11. Accessibility requests
A12. Insurance
A13. Genius
A14. Rewards, Credits & Wallet
A15. Intellectual property rights
A16. What if something goes wrong?
A17. Communication with the Service Provider
A18. Measures against unacceptable behavior
A19. Limitation of liability
A20. Arbitration agreement
A1. Definitions
1. Some words here have specific meanings, so be sure to refer to the
Booking.com dictionary
at the end of these Terms.
A2. About these terms
1. When you complete your booking, you accept these Terms and any other terms provided during the booking process. These Terms include an agreement to mandatory, binding individual arbitration, which means that you agree to submit most disputes related to our Platform, the use of the services on our Platform, or these Terms, to binding arbitration rather than proceeding in court. You may opt out of this arbitration agreement only by following the procedures in
section A20
. These Terms also include the waiving of any class action or jury trial.
2. If anything in these Terms is (or becomes) invalid or unenforceable:
It will still be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law;
You will still be bound by everything else in the Terms.
3. These Terms are laid out like this:
Section A: General terms for all types of Travel Experiences.
Sections B to F: Specific terms for just one type of Travel Experience:
Section B: Accommodations
Section C: Attractions
Section D: Car rentals
Section E: Flights
Section F: Private and public transportation
The specific terms will apply if there’s any mismatch between general and specific terms.
4. The English version of these Terms is the original. If there’s any dispute about the Terms or any mismatch between the Terms in English and another language, the Terms as they appear in English will apply unless local law requires otherwise. (You can change the language at the top of this page.)
A3. About Booking.com
1. When you book an accommodation, flight, or attraction,
Booking.com B.V.
provides and is responsible for the Platform, but not the Travel Experience itself (section A4.4).
2. When you book a rental car (on Booking.com or Rentalcars.com) or private or public transportation, Booking.com Transport Limited provides and is responsible for the Platform – but not the Travel Experience itself (section A4.3).
3. We work with companies that provide local support services (e.g. customer support or account management). They don’t:
control or manage our Platform
have their own Platform
have any legal or contractual relationship with you
provide Travel Experiences
represent us, or enter into contracts, or accept legal documents in our name
operate as our “process or service agents.”
4. When using Rentalcars.com to make Car Rental Bookings, clauses A13 and A14 are not applicable.
A4. Our Platform
1. We take reasonable care in providing our Platform, but we can’t guarantee that everything on it is accurate (we get information from the Service Providers). To the extent permitted by law, we can’t be held responsible for any errors, interruptions, or missing bits of information, although we will do everything we can to correct/fix them as soon as we can.
2. Our Platform is not a recommendation or endorsement of any Service Provider or its products, services, facilities, vehicles, etc.
3. We’re not a party to the terms between you and the Service Provider. The Service Provider is solely responsible for the Travel Experience.
4. To make a booking, you may need to create an Account. Make sure all your info (including payment and contact details) is correct and up to date, or you might not be able to access your Travel Experience(s). You’re responsible for anything that happens with your Account, so don’t let anyone else use it and keep your username and password secret.
5. We’ll show you the offers available to you in (what we think is) the right language for you. You can change to another language whenever you like.
6. Unless otherwise indicated, you must be at least 18 to use the Platform.
A5. Our values
1. You will:
abide by
Our values
comply with all applicable laws
cooperate with any anti-fraud/anti-money laundering checks we need to carry out
not use the Platform to cause a nuisance or make fake bookings
use the Travel Experience and/or Platform for their intended purpose
not cause any nuisance or damage, and not behave inappropriately to the Service Provider’s personnel (or anyone else, for that matter).
A6. Your experience with our Platform
1. Based on your interaction with our Platform and your personalization preferences (which you can access in your account settings under the
Customization preferences
section), we may enable features intended to make your experience more convenient and offer you personalized services (including personalized marketing messages) to enhance your experience and make it easier for you to book your ideal Travel Experience.
2. We’re always working to improve our customers’ experience with Booking.com. So, sometimes we show different people different designs, phrasings, products, etc., to find out how they react. As a result, you might not come across some services or conditions when you visit our Platform.
A7. Prices
1. When you make a booking, you agree to pay the cost of the Travel Experience, including any charges and taxes that may apply.
2. Some of the prices may have been rounded to the nearest whole number. The price you pay will be based on the original, “non-rounded” price (although the actual difference will be tiny anyway).
3. Obvious errors and obvious misprints are not binding. For example, if you book a premium car or a night in a luxury suite mistakenly offered for $1, your booking may be canceled, and we’ll refund anything you’ve paid. We’ll remove obvious pricing errors as soon as we become aware of them.
4. A crossed-out price indicates the price of a like-for-like booking without the price reduction applied (“like-for-like” means same dates, same policies, same quality of accommodation/vehicle/class of travel, etc.).
A8. Payment
1. For some products/services, the Service Provider will require an upfront payment and/or payment during your Travel Experience.
If we organize your payment, we (or, in some cases, our affiliate) will be responsible for managing it and ensuring the completion of your transaction with our Service Provider. In this case, your payment constitutes the final settlement of the “due and payable” price.
If the Service Provider charges you, this will usually be in person at the start of your Travel Experience, but it could also be, for example, that your credit card is charged when you book or you pay when you check out of your Accommodation. This depends on the Service Provider's upfront payment policy, as communicated to you in the booking process.
2. If the Service Provider requires an upfront payment, it may be taken or pre-authorized when you make your booking, and it may be non-refundable. So, before you book, be sure to check the Service Provider’s upfront payments policy (available during the booking process), which we don’t influence and aren’t responsible for.
3. If you know of or suspect any fraudulent behavior or unauthorized use of your Payment Method, contact your payment provider as soon as possible.
4. If the currency selected on the Platform isn't the same as the Service Provider's currency, we may:
show prices in your own currency
offer you the Pay In Your Own Currency option.
You can check our currency conversion rate during checkout, in the Booking details of your Account, or in the email we send you if you don’t have an account. If we charge you fees in connection with any such services, the fee will be expressed as a percentage over European Central Bank rates. Your card issuer may charge you a foreign transaction fee.
5. We’ll store your Payment Method details for future transactions after collecting your consent.
A9. Policies
1. When you make a booking, you accept the applicable policies as displayed in the booking process. You’ll find each Service Provider’s cancellation policy and any other policies (about age requirements, security/damage deposits, additional supplements for group bookings, extra beds, breakfast, pets, cards accepted, etc.) on our Platform: on the Service Provider information pages, during the booking process, in the fine print, and in the confirmation email or ticket (if applicable).
2. If you cancel a booking or don’t show up, any cancellation/no-show fee and any refund will depend on the Service Provider’s cancellation/no-show policy.
3. Some bookings can’t be canceled for free, while others can only be canceled for free before a deadline.
4. If you book a Travel Experience by paying in advance (including all price components and/or a damage deposit if applicable), the Service Provider may cancel the booking without notice if they can't collect the balance on the specified date. If they do cancel, any non-refundable payment you’ve made will only be refunded at their discretion. It's your responsibility to make sure the payment goes ahead on time (that your bank, debit card, or credit card details are correct and that there's enough money available in your account).
5. If you think you’re not going to arrive on time, contact your Service Provider and tell them when they can expect you. It’s your responsibility to ensure you’re on time, and if you aren’t, we aren’t responsible for any associated costs (e.g. the cancellation of your booking, or any fees the Service Provider may charge).
6. As the person making the booking, you are responsible for the actions and behavior (in relation to the Travel Experience) of everyone in the group. You’re also responsible for obtaining their permission before providing us with their personal data.
A10. Privacy and cookies
1. If you book a Travel Experience, refer to our
Privacy Notice
for more information on privacy, cookies, how we might contact you, and how we process personal data.
A11. Accessibility requests
1. If you have any accessibility requests:
about our Platform and/or services, contact our Customer Service team
about your Travel Experience (e.g. wheelchair access, walk-in baths, etc.), be sure to contact your Service Provider or the airport, train station, etc.
A12. Insurance
1. If you have bought insurance through our Platform, be sure to refer to the policy document(s) for the terms and further information. These Terms do not apply to insurance.
A13. Genius
1. The Genius rate is a discounted rate offered by participating Service Providers or funded by Booking.com for certain products/services.
2. Genius rates are for members of the Booking.com Genius program. There are no membership fees, and it’s easy to become a member – just create an account. Membership and rates are non-transferable. Membership is linked to a specific account. Membership can also be linked to specific campaigns or incentives.
3. There are different “Genius Levels” based on the number of completed bookings made within a given period for any vertical offered by the program. Each level provides different travel rewards. To reach Level 2, the user must complete 5 bookings within 2 years. To reach Level 3, the user must complete 15 bookings within 2 years.
4. The following types of reservations made through Booking.com are excluded from the Genius program: Cruises, insurance, public transportation, and free options. Any additional purchases such as room upgrades for stays, car seats for rental cars, and additional luggage for flights will not incur Genius discounts.
5. We may change any feature of the Genius program, including the membership levels, eligible booking types for progression, and the way the program is structured.
6. To ensure a fair and secure program, we may investigate instances of fraud, misuse, or abuse. This may result in a membership being canceled and earned rewards being lost.
7. For more details, visit
https://www.booking.com/genius.html
.
A14. Rewards, Credits & Wallet
1. We may issue Rewards to you – at our sole discretion, and subject to (a) the terms here in A14 and (b) any Individual Reward Criteria that apply. If we make a clerical error (i) in calculating your Rewards or (ii) in converting currencies related to your Rewards, we can always change or correct any balances shown.
2. How to get Rewards: You may, for example, earn and receive a Reward by booking and completing Accommodation stays with participating Service Providers, or by making a certain number of Eligible bookings in a given time period. Note that the amount/quantity of Rewards earned will depend on each promotional campaign. We’ll provide details about earning/spending a Reward when it becomes available to earn and/or spend.
3. Where to find your Rewards: If and when you receive any Rewards, you’ll be able to manage and spend them from the Wallet, which is automatically created when you create a verified Account. You’ll find the Wallet in your Account menu, and you must be signed in to your Account to access it. If you need to do anything to receive a Reward, we’ll tell you how (through Account notifications, push notifications, and/or emails). Once you have Rewards in your Wallet, we’ll provide any terms and conditions related to spending them.
4. Types of Rewards: Although we only award (a) Credits and (b) vouchers into your Wallet, your Wallet may also help you track the processing of (c) other types of Reward (e.g., Credit Card Cashback) from us. We’ll tell you what you need to know about receiving each Reward at the appropriate time.
5. How to get Credits: Credits are usually issued as a result of getting a Reward, but we may issue Credits for other reasons.
6. Where to find your Credits: Your Rewards are always stored in the Wallet until they’re spent. Your Wallet balance will indicate how much is stored and spendable on Eligible bookings. You’ll also be able to access detailed information such as when your Rewards were earned, were awarded, and will expire. If you’re entitled to Cash Credits, you’ll also find out how to transfer them to a credit or debit card (of certain brands).
7. Types of Credits: Each Reward type has its own set of spending and/or usage conditions. In general, all Rewards can only be spent on Travel Experiences that accept Wallet payments. Travel Credits can be spent across different bookings, but vouchers can only be spent on specific bookings stated within each voucher's terms and conditions. Cash Credits can also be spent like Travel Credits or be transferred to a credit or debit card (of certain brands).
We reserve the right to audit any and all accounts in the Rewards & Wallet program at any time and without notice to the Member to ensure compliance with the Rewards & Wallet program or investigate (alleged) fraud or misuse.
Rewards: eligibility
8. To be able to receive any type of Rewards from us, you must, at the time of qualification and spending:
have a verified Account with us
be at least 18 years old
meet the Individual Reward Criteria
not violate the Rewards & Wallet Terms, and
have a valid credit card, if you need to qualify for Credit Card Cashback Rewards.
9. When a Reward is available for earning, the Individual Reward Criteria will explain how (and if) you can qualify for it. These criteria may contain and not be limited to:
time-sensitive restrictions (e.g. offers with expiration dates)
platform restrictions (e.g. promotional codes that can only be used in our app)
Accommodation service restrictions (e.g. offers that can only be used with specific Service Providers)
a minimum spend (e.g. a Reward that you’ll only earn when you spend at least a certain amount on a Booking), and
a maximum Reward value (for both monetary and non-monetary Rewards).
10. Rewards can’t be sold, encumbered, or transferred in any way to a third party. In the event of an Account holder’s death, their Account will be closed and any Rewards that are pending or available for spending in the Wallet will be canceled.
Rewards: Credits and vouchers
11. You can spend any amount of Travel Credits and/or Cash Credits that you have to offset the cost of an eligible booking on participating Platforms (e.g.,
www.booking.com
or a Group Company website). However, you may only spend one voucher on each booking, and if you have multiple vouchers in your Wallet, their value cannot be combined for spending on any Booking.
12. If that booking costs less than you have in Rewards, your unspent Rewards will remain available for spending in your Wallet until expiration, unless otherwise stated in each Reward's terms and conditions.
13. If that Travel Experience costs more than you have in Rewards, you must make payment for the remaining amount using a different Payment Method. Failure to do so in time may result in your booking being canceled, and your Rewards returned to your Wallet with the original Reward terms and conditions, including expiration dates.
14. You may spend both Credits and vouchers at the same time on any Eligible bookings. We do our best to unlock the most savings for you, but it is your sole responsibility to manage how the Rewards are spent. If you have multiple Rewards of a single type, the Reward with the earliest expiration date will be selected for spending by default during payment confirmation. While you may not choose Credits with later expiration dates to spend first, you are free to choose the voucher you prefer to spend first.
15. If you cancel a Travel Experience that you have already paid for (in part or in full) with Rewards, the Service Provider’s cancellation policy will determine whether or not your money and/or Rewards are refunded. Our Customer Service team will be able to refund any Rewards that you may be entitled to.
16. You can transfer Cash Credits (but not Travel Credits) to a credit or debit card of certain brands.
17. Your Wallet’s default currency is determined by your location, residency, or another currency we may elect. If you get any Rewards in a different currency, we’ll convert them to your Wallet’s default currency, or another currency we may elect, using our Currency Conversion Rate.
18. If a Reward was issued because you booked a Travel Experience, any associated Rewards that haven’t been spent will be deleted from your Wallet if that Travel Experience is canceled.
19. We reserve the right to, without notice, cancel any Reward that was obtained by fraud or misuse.
20. If you didn’t receive a Reward that you should have, contact our Customer Service team no more than 12 months after you did what you believe qualified you for it. Please provide any supporting documentation you have. If you don’t do this within 12 months, you will automatically be ineligible for the Reward and will not be able to claim it.
21. The validity of all Credits can be found in the Rewards & Wallet activity of your Wallet. If you have any Rewards that may expire soon, we may choose to notify you through emails and push notifications.
For some products/services, the Service Provider will require an Upfront Payment and/or a payment taken during your Travel Experience. Note that if Wallet payments are involved (for example, when you choose to pay later for an Accommodation Booking), we will charge your Wallet for the selected Rewards during booking confirmation—so your Rewards will be spent immediately—while any remaining amount will be charged according to the payment policy of your Booking.
Wallet
22. All data, including personal data, will be processed in accordance with our Privacy Statement and applicable data protection laws and regulations. It will be shared with Group Companies or Service Providers as required by the Wallet program. Lost, stolen, or expired Rewards will not be replaced.
23. Your obligations:
You’re responsible for making sure that all information is (and stays) correct, complete, and up to date
If we ask you for proof of ID, be sure to provide it within 30 days
You’re responsible for keeping your Account sign-in details safe and secure in order to safeguard your Wallet.
24. If you don’t follow the rules in this section, we may automatically suspend or cancel your Wallet.
25. You may not use your Wallet or Rewards in any way that is misleading, unfair, harmful, or illegal.
26. We may set off or settle any or all of your Rewards against any claim we (or a Group Company) have against you. We may do this at any time, and without advance notice.
27. We may change, suspend, or end any aspect of the Wallet or Rewards program. In particular, we might change:
these Rewards & Wallet terms
eligibility criteria
which Rewards we provide
28. We will make reasonable efforts to give you prior notice if we make any changes or stop providing the Wallet service altogether.
29. If we stop providing the Wallet service, all Rewards that haven’t expired will be valid for another 12 months.
A15. Intellectual property rights
1. Unless otherwise stated, all rights in our Platform (technology, content, trademarks, look & feel, etc.) are owned by Booking.com (or its licensors) and by using our Platform you agree to do so for its intended purpose only and respecting the requirements set out in paragraphs A15.2 and A15.3.
2. Whether or not you have a commercial purpose, you’re not allowed to access, monitor, copy, scrape/crawl, download, reproduce, or otherwise use anything on our Platform using any robot, spider, scraper, other automated means, or automated assistants (including, but not limited to, those that operate by interacting with or otherwise making use of your browser, such as AI-powered assistants) for any purpose without the prior, express written permission of Booking.com. For the avoidance of doubt, Booking.com does not authorize the use of automated means or automated assistants (including, but not limited to, those that operate by interacting with or otherwise making use of your browser, such as AI-powered assistants) to make bookings or reservations using anything on our Platform without the prior, express written permission of Booking.com.
3. We keep a close eye on every visit to our Platform, and we’ll block anyone (and any automated system) we suspect of:
conducting an unreasonable amount of searches
using any device or software to gather prices or other information
doing anything that places undue stress on our Platform.
using automated assistants (including AI-powered assistants) to access the Platform without express permission
4. By uploading a review/picture to our Platform, you’re confirming that it meets our
Content Standards and Guidelines
and that:
it’s truthful (e.g. you haven’t altered the picture or uploaded one of a different property)
it doesn’t contain any viruses
you’re allowed to share it with us
we’re allowed to use it on our Platform and for any other commercial purposes (including in a promotional context), everywhere, forever (when you let us know we can no longer use it, we will consider any such reasonable request)
it doesn’t infringe the privacy rights of other people
you accept full responsibility for any legal claims against Booking.com related to it.
5. Just to make it clear, we’re not responsible or liable for any picture uploaded to our Platform, and we’re allowed to remove any picture at our discretion (e.g. if we detect that a picture does not meet the criteria).
A16. What if something goes wrong?
1. If you have a question or complaint, contact our Customer Service team. You can do this by accessing your Booking, or through our app, or through our
Help Center
, where you’ll also find useful FAQs. You can help us help you as quickly as possible by providing, if available:
your booking confirmation number, your contact details, your reservation PIN, and the email address you used when you made your booking (if you have one)
a summary of the issue, including how you’d like us to help you
any supporting documents (e.g. bank statement, pictures, receipts, etc.)
2. All questions and complaints are recorded, and the most urgent ones are treated as highest priority.
3. If you're a resident of the European Economic Area and aren’t happy with the way we handle your complaint, you may be able to complain via the European Commission's ODR (Online Dispute Resolution) platform (
ec.europa.eu/odr
). It depends on what your complaint was about:
if it was about an accommodation, flight, or attraction, you can use that ODR platform
if it was about ground transportation, you can’t (because ground transportation is booked with Booking.com Transport Limited, and the UK has left the EU).
Note that you won’t be able to submit any new claims via the ODR from March 20, 2025, the day the ODR will be discontinued. For more information on the discontinuation of the ODR, be sure to check out the
European Commission’s website
.
4. If you’re a resident of the Czechia and you’re not happy with the way we handle your complaint, you can complain to the Czech Trade Inspection Authority – Central Inspectorate, ADR Department, registered office Štěpánská 15, Prague 2, postal code: 120 00, email: adr@coi.cz,
https://www.coi.cz/informace-o-adr/
.
5. If you’re a resident of Brazil and aren’t happy with the way we handle your complaint, you can complain via the Brazilian Federal Consumer Dispute Resolution Platform (
consumidor.gov.br/
).
6. We try to resolve disputes internally, and aren’t obliged to submit to any alternative dispute resolution procedures handled by independent providers.
A17. Communication with the Service Provider
1. We may help you communicate with your Service Provider, but we can’t guarantee that they will read anything from you or that they’ll do what you ask. In itself, the fact that you contact them or they contact you doesn’t mean you have any grounds for legal action.
A18. Measures against unacceptable behavior
1. We have the right to stop you from making any bookings, to cancel any bookings you’ve already made, and/or to stop you from using our Platform, our Customer Service, and/or your Account. Of course, we’ll only do this if, in our opinion, there’s a good reason to. For example:
fraud or abuse
non-compliance with (including
our values
or with applicable laws or regulations
inappropriate or unlawful behavior (e.g., violence, threats, or invasion of privacy) in relation to us, any of the companies we work with, or anyone else, for that matter.
2. If we cancel a booking as a result, you will not be entitled to a refund. We may tell you why we’ve canceled your booking, unless telling you would (a) contravene applicable laws and/or (b) prevent or obstruct the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities. If you believe we have incorrectly canceled your booking, be sure to contact our Customer Service team.
3. You acknowledge and agree that monetary damages are not an adequate remedy at law for the unauthorized use of automated means or automated assistants (including, but not limited to, those that operate by interacting with or otherwise making use of your browser, such as AI-powered assistants), that such unauthorized use may cause Booking.com irreparable harm, and that Booking.com is entitled to injunctive relief to prohibit such unauthorized use.
A19. Limitation of liability
1. These terms limit only our liabilities under applicable law. Nothing in these terms will limit our (or the Service Provider’s) liability for our (or their) own (i) negligence that leads to death or personal injury or (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, gross negligence, or willful misconduct. Booking.com shall not be liable for any losses outside of the rights and responsibilities described in this section, unless said losses are caused by Booking.com’s breach of these terms. As a non-limiting example, Booking.com shall not be liable for any:
indirect or consequential loss or damage
loss of profits, use, data, revenues, business opportunities, or goodwill
special, punitive, or exemplary damages
inaccurate information about a Service Provider
product, service, or action of a Service Provider or other business partner
mistake in an email address, phone number, or credit card number (unless it’s our fault)
force majeure or event beyond our control.
2. If you are in breach of these Terms and/or the Service Provider’s terms, to the extent permitted by law:
we will not be liable for any costs you incur as a result, and
you won’t be entitled to any refund.
3. The most that we, or any Service Provider, will be liable for, whether for one event or a series of connected events, is the cost of your booking, as set out in your confirmation email. These liability limitations shall apply to all forms of legal action, whether related to contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other legal action.
4. Except as expressly stated in these Terms, no representation, warranties, or undertakings are given in relation to Service Providers’ products and services, and we accept no responsibility for ensuring that they are suitable for your purposes (which remains solely your responsibility). To the fullest extent permitted by law, Booking.com disclaims all representations and warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. We do not warrant or make any representations that our website will operate error-free or uninterrupted, that defects will be corrected, or that the website and/or its servers will be free of viruses and/or other harmful components. We do not warrant or make any representations regarding the suitability, availability, accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any material of any kind on the website for any purpose, including software, services, information, text, and related graphics content. You agree that you will make use of the Booking.com website and services at your own risk. You understand and agree that we are not responsible or liable for any misuse or unauthorized use of our website or services, or any consequences arising out of such misuse or unauthorized use.
5. Just to be clear, nothing in these Terms will entitle any third party other than the Service Provider to anything.
A20. Arbitration agreement
Applicability of Arbitration Agreement
1. Subject to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, you and Booking.com agree that any disagreement, controversy, or claim arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of our Platform, or other services provided by Booking.com or the support companies in connection with your use of our Platform (including the interpretation and scope of this Arbitration Agreement and the arbitrability of a Dispute, as defined herein), or your relationship with us or any subsidiary, parent, or affiliate company or companies (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory) (each, a “Dispute”) will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (1) you and Booking.com may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court, to the extent the Dispute qualifies under applicable law and remains in small claims court; and (2) the following causes of action and, as applicable, requests for relief are exceptions to the Disputes covered by this Arbitration Agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction (as outlined in this Arbitration Agreement): (i) any claim or cause of action alleging actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) any claim or cause of action seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack); or (iii) a request for the remedy of public injunctive relief, where such remedies are permitted and cannot be waived by applicable law; or (iv) any cause of action related to the unauthorized use of anything on our Platform by an automated means or automated assistant (including, but not limited to, those that operate by interacting with or otherwise making use of your browser, such as AI-powered assistants). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, “Dispute” will also include disputes that arose or that involve facts occurring before the existence of this or any prior versions of the Terms, unless those disputes were noticed prior to when these Terms took effect, as well as claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms.
Internal Review Procedure
2. Prior to initiating any Dispute, as discussed in the subsequent section, each party must first give the other an opportunity to resolve any complaints by submitting them in writing to the other party.
Where you have a complaint, you must give Booking.com written notice through the form available on our
Dispute Resolution page
(the “Internal Review Procedure”). Your message through Booking.com’s Dispute Resolution page beginning the Internal Review Procedure must contain the following information: (1) your name, (2) your address, (3) the email address you used to make your reservation, (4) your reservation number, (5) the date of your reservation, (6) the name of the Service Provider with whom you booked your Travel Experience, (7) a brief description of the nature of your complaint, and (8) the resolution that you are seeking (together, the “Required Information”). Additionally, the message must start with “Request Under Arbitration Agreement.” If your message does not start with this text, or if it does not contain all of the Required Information (or an explanation of why you are unable to include any of the Required Information), then you have not effectively begun the Internal Review Procedure, which you must do before initiating any arbitration or an action in small claims court Booking.com. This requirement is intended to inform Booking.com that you have a dispute to be resolved.
If Booking.com has a complaint, it will submit a written notice with the relevant Required Information to the email address you used to make your reservation.
If the parties are unable to resolve the complaint within 60 days of the start of the Internal Review Procedure, either party may seek relief as laid out in this Arbitration Agreement. The Internal Review Procedure is a mandatory precondition to commencing arbitration.
The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled during the Internal Review Procedure.
Waiver of Jury Trial
3.
YOU AND BOOKING.COM HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY
. You and Booking.com are instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in the subsection entitled “Applicability of Arbitration Agreement.” There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review
Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief
4.
EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD, ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, OR REPRESENTATIVE BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE.
Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the party’s individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor shall it, affect the terms and conditions under the subsection A20.9 entitled “Batch Arbitration.” Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration Agreement, if a final decision, not subject to any further appeal or recourse, determines that the limitations of this subsection, “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” are invalid or unenforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), you and Booking.com agree that the particular claim or request for relief (and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be litigated in the state or federal courts located in the State of New York. All other Disputes shall be arbitrated or litigated in small claims court. This subsection does not prevent you or Booking.com from participating in a class-wide or mass settlement of claims.
Rules and Forum
5. The Terms evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce; and notwithstanding any other provision herein with respect to the applicable substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., will govern the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement, including the procedures governing Batch Arbitration, and any arbitration.
The arbitration will be administered by the National Arbitration & Mediation (“NAM”) in accordance with the NAM Comprehensive Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedure (the “NAM Rules”) in effect at the time of arbitration, except as supplemented, where applicable, by the NAM Mass Filing Supplemental Dispute Resolution Rules and Procedures (the “NAM Mass Filing Rules”), and as modified by this Arbitration Agreement. The NAM Rules are currently available at
https://www.namadr.com/resources/rules-fees-forms/
.
A party that wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a request for arbitration (the “Demand”). The Demand must include: (1) the name, telephone number, mailing address, email address of the party seeking arbitration, and email address associated with the account, if applicable; (2) a statement of the legal claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (3) a description of the remedy sought and an accurate, good‐faith calculation of the amount in controversy in United States Dollars; (4) a statement certifying completion of the Internal Review Procedure process as described; and (5) a statement certifying that the requesting party will pay any necessary filing fees in connection with such arbitration. Any Demand you send to Booking.com should be sent through the form available on our
Dispute Resolution page
. Booking.com will provide the Demand to your email address on file.
If the party requesting arbitration is represented by counsel, the Demand shall also include counsel’s name, telephone number, mailing address, and email address. Such counsel must also sign the Demand. By signing the Demand, counsel certifies to the best of counsel’s knowledge, information, and belief, formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, that, consistent with the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b): (1) the Demand is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass, cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution; (2) the claims, defenses, and other legal contentions are warranted by existing law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing existing law or for establishing new law; and (3) the factual and damages contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further investigation or discovery (“Counsel’s Certification”).
Unless you and Booking.com otherwise agree, or the Batch Arbitration process discussed in subsection A20.9 is triggered, any in-person arbitration hearing will be conducted in New York, New York or, at your election, in the county where you reside or another mutually agreed location.
You and we agree that, for Demands where the relief sought is $25,000 or less, the arbitration will be conducted based solely on written submissions, unless you request a hearing, or the arbitrator determines that a hearing is necessary; in that case, virtual hearings shall be preferred over in-person hearings unless the arbitrator determines that a party’s right to a fundamentally fair process would be impaired absent an in-person hearing. In the case of an in-person hearing, you and we agree that any employee of Booking.com B.V. or its affiliate who is based outside of the United States and who is participating in the hearing may participate telephonically or by video conference
. Subject to the NAM Rules, the arbitrator may direct a limited and reasonable exchange of information between the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of arbitration. If NAM is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. Your responsibility to pay any NAM fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable NAM fee schedules (the “Fee Schedules”).
You and Booking.com agree that all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings shall be kept confidential and shall not be shared with anyone except the parties’ attorneys, accountants, or business advisors, and then subject to the condition that they agree to keep all materials and documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings confidential.
You and Booking.com agree that at least 14 days before the date set for an arbitration hearing, any party may serve an offer in writing upon the other party to allow judgment on specified terms. If the offer made by one party is not accepted by the other party, and the other party fails to obtain a more favorable award, the other party shall not recover any post-offer costs to which they otherwise would be entitled and shall pay the offering party’s costs from the time of the offer.
Arbitrator
6. The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of New York, and will be selected by the parties from NAM’s roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within thirty-five (35) days of delivery of the Demand, then NAM will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with NAM Rules, provided that if the Batch Arbitration process under subsection A20.9 is triggered, NAM, without soliciting input or feedback from any party, will appoint the arbitrator for each batch.
Authority of the Arbitrator
7. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including, without limitation, disputes regarding the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, except that all Disputes regarding the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” including any claim that all or part of the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” is unenforceable, illegal, void, or voidable, or that such subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” has been breached, shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any Dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
Attorneys’ Fees and Costs
8. The parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief sought in the Demand was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). To the extent, following a presentation on the merits, on its own motion or a party’s, and after affording a reasonable opportunity to respond, an arbitrator determines that a party who commenced arbitration did not bring its claim(s) consistent with Counsel’s Certification and the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b), the parties agree that the arbitrator shall, as part of its award, impose sanctions by ordering that the initiating party reimburse the responding party for all arbitration costs and arbitrators’ fees the responding party incurred under the Fee Schedules.
Batch Arbitration
9. To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you and Booking.com agree that in the event that there are twenty-five (25) or more individual Demands of a substantially similar nature filed against Booking.com by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations (“Claimants’ Counsel”), within a reasonably approximate period of time, for example, a ninety (90) day period, NAM shall (1) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Demands per batch (or, if between twenty-five (25) and ninety-nine (99) individual Demands are filed, a single batch of all those Demands, and, to the extent there are fewer than 100 Demands remaining after the batching described, a final batch consisting of the remaining Demands); (2) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (3) provide for the resolution of each batch on a consolidated basis with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be selected by the arbitrator, and one final award, which will provide for any and all relief the arbitrator determines each individual party is entitled to receive (“Batch Arbitration”). NAM shall administer all batches concurrently, to the extent possible.
All parties agree that Demands are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issue(s) and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise NAM, and NAM shall appoint a sole standing Procedural Arbitrator or, should the circumstances so require, an Emergency Arbitrator, according to the NAM Rules, to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process (the Procedural Arbitrator or Emergency Arbitrator may be deemed the “Administrative Arbitrator”). In an effort to expedite the resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree that the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by Booking.com.
You and Booking.com agree to cooperate in good faith with NAM to implement the Batch Arbitration process, including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of Demands, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (1) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (2) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings.
This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing or creating a class, collective, and/or representative arbitration or action of any kind, except as expressly set forth in this provision, and nothing about the Batch Arbitration process will preclude any party from participating in any arbitration administered according to that process.
Invalidity, Expiration
10. Except as provided in the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief,” if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement (other than Section A20.9) are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed, and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. However, if Section A20.9 of this Arbitration Agreement is found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable then, in that case, the entire Arbitration Agreement shall be void, and the parties agree that all Disputes will be heard in the state or federal courts located in New York, New York. You further agree that any Dispute that you have with Booking.com as detailed in this Arbitration Agreement must be initiated within the applicable statute of limitation for that claim or controversy, or it will be forever time barred. Likewise, you agree that all applicable statutes of limitation will apply to such arbitration in the same manner as those statutes of limitation would apply in the applicable court of competent jurisdiction.
30-Day Right to Opt Out
11. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by sending a written notice through our
Dispute Resolution page
with the message: “Arbitration -- Opt-Out Notice”, within thirty (30) days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement (“Opt-Out Notice”). Your Opt-Out Notice must include your name and address, the email address you used to set up your Booking.com account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. Any Opt-Out Notice will be effective only if you send it yourself, on an individual basis, and Opt-Out Notices from any third party purporting to act on your behalf will have no effect on your or Booking.com’s rights. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these Terms will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any arbitration agreements that you may currently have with us, including any previous versions of this Arbitration Agreement to which you agreed, and has no effect on any arbitration agreements with us you may enter in the future.
Modification
12. You and we agree that Booking.com retains the right to modify this Arbitration Clause in the future. Any such changes will be posted on our Platform, and you should check for updates regularly. Your continued use of the Booking.com Platform and/or Services, including the acceptance of products and services offered on the Platform following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement, constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. If you have previously agreed to a version of these Terms with an arbitration agreement and you did not validly opt out of arbitration, changes to this Arbitration Agreement do not provide you with a new opportunity to opt out of arbitration. Booking.com will continue to honor any valid opt-outs of the Arbitration Agreement that you made to a prior version of these Terms.
Governing Courts and Law
13. To the extent that the Dispute is not covered by any arbitration agreement between you and us, it shall proceed before the state or federal courts located in New York, New York (except for small claims court actions, which may be brought in the county where you reside). This Arbitration Agreement and these Terms are made under and will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with New York law, regardless of conflict of law rules.
B. Accommodations
B1. Scope of this section
B2. Contractual relationship
B3. What we will do
B4. What you need to do
B5. Price and payment
B6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
B7. What else do you need to know?
B1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Accommodations products and services. It applies as well as section A (which applies to all Travel Experiences).
B2. Contractual relationship
1. When you make (or request) a booking, it’s directly with the Service Provider – we’re not a “contractual party.”
2. Booking.com B.V. owns and operates the Platform.
3. Our Platform only shows Accommodations that have a commercial relationship with us, and it doesn’t necessarily show all their products or services.
4. Information about Service Providers (e.g. facilities, house rules, sustainability measures) and their Travel Experiences (e.g. prices, availability, and cancellation policies) is based on what they provide to us. They’re responsible for making sure it’s accurate and up to date.
B3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Accommodations, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve booked your Accommodation, we confirm the details of your booking to both you and the Service Provider, including the names of the guest(s).
3. Depending on the terms of your booking, you may be able to change or cancel it.
B4. What you need to do
1. Fill in all your contact details correctly so we and/or the Service Provider can provide you with information about your booking and, if necessary, contact you.
2. Read these Terms and the terms displayed during the booking process carefully.
3. Take care of the Accommodation and its furniture, fixtures, electronics, and other contents, and leave things in the same state they were in when you got there. If anything is broken, damaged, or lost, make sure you report it to the staff there as soon as you can, before you check out.
4. Maintain the security of the Accommodation and its contents during your stay. So, for example, don’t leave doors or windows unlocked.
B5. Price and payment
1. Check “Prices” (A7) and “Payment” (A8).
B6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. Check “Policies” (A9).
B7. What else do you need to know?
We Price Match
1. We want you to get the best possible price every time. If, after you’ve booked your Accommodation with us, you find the same Accommodation (with the same conditions) for less on another website, we promise to refund the difference. Just remember to contact us after booking with us. If you file your We Price Match claim via email, you'll need to provide us with a screenshot and a link to the other offer. You can also file a We Price Match claim directly on the phone by reaching out to our Customer Service. In any case, the other offer must be online and available when we check.
We Price Match checklist
The other offer must be for the same property and accommodation type.
The other offer must be for the same check-in and check-out dates.
The other offer must have the same cancellation policy and conditions.
The other offer must be for the same number of occupants
The other offer must have the same add-on/meal plan.
The better deal must be in the local currency of the property.
When can’t you make a claim?
If the other offer is on a website that doesn’t reveal the property or accommodation type you’ll be staying in until after booking.
If the other offer is available on an opaque, suspicious, and/or likely-to-be-fraudulent website.
If the other offer is part of a loyalty or rewards program, where the price is reduced by the property or website for actions like repeat business, logging in, using a coupon code, referring others, or any other action that reduces the original price.
If your current Booking.com reservation is a “Partner offer” (these are labeled as such on our platform and are provided by partner companies) or if you’re comparing the other offer to a “Partner Offer” on our platform.
If you cancel your booking.
If you book a single-unit property, which by nature can’t be available elsewhere.
Booking.com reserves the right to make the sole determination regarding a customer's eligibility to receive the price match.
Found your booking cheaper elsewhere?
Look for “Found this room cheaper elsewhere?” on your confirmation page.
Validate that the cheaper offer meets all the requirements (review checklist).
Save the link to the cheaper offer (example: www.hotel.com/93203920).
Take a screenshot (or multiple) making sure all the relevant data is captured (review checklist).
Contact Customer Service.
After claim validation, we will amend the reservation price (if possible) or provide further instruction for you to claim an after-stay refund of the price difference.
Booking.com reserves the right to make the sole determination regarding a customer's eligibility to receive the price match.
Partner offer
2. Some offers on our Platform are marked as “Partner offers,” which means they come to us through a Booking.com partner company rather than straight from a Service Provider. Unless otherwise indicated, any Partner offer that you reserve:
Must be paid for at the time of booking
Can't be modified. However, if it offers free cancellation, you’ll be able to cancel it for free, as long as you do so in time.
Can't be combined with any other offers (promotions, incentives, or rewards)
Can’t be scored or reviewed on our Platform.
Note that if you book a Partner Offer, the invoice will be issued by the partner company or the property, not by Booking.com directly.
Price incentives by Booking.com
3. Some of the price reductions are funded by us, not by the Service Provider. We just pay some of the cost ourselves.
Request to book
4. In some cases, you’ll find a button marked “Request to book” on the property page. If you select this option, we’ll explain how this works (on-screen and/or by email).
Damage policy
5. When you’re booking, you may find that some Service Providers refer to a “damage policy.” This means that if anyone in your group loses or damages anything:
you should inform the Service Provider
instead of charging you for it directly, the Service Provider will have 14 days to submit a damage payment request through our Platform under your reservation number
if they do, we’ll tell you so you can tell us if you have any comments and whether or not you agree with the charge – and then:
if you agree, we’ll charge you on their behalf
if you disagree, we’ll look into it, and if we consider that there is cause for further investigation, we will contact you to discuss the next steps.
6. Under the damage policy, there’s a limit to how much a Service Provider can charge you through our Platform (the limit is displayed while you’re booking).
7. Any payment you make would be between the Service Provider and you. We’d just be organizing it on the Service Provider’s behalf.
8. The damage policy doesn’t relate to general cleaning, ordinary wear and tear, any crimes (such as theft), or any non-physical “damages” (e.g. fines for smoking or bringing pets).
9. The Service Provider might require a “damage deposit” before or at check-in. If they do, we’ll tell you about it while you’re booking – but it has nothing to do with the “damage policy.” We won’t be involved in any financial settlement related to damage deposits.
How We Work
10. For information on reviews, ranking, how we make money, and more, be sure to check out
How We Work
.
C. Attractions
C1. Scope of this section
C2. Contractual relationship
C3. What we will do
C4. What you need to do
C5. Price and payment
C6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
C7. What else do you need to know?
C1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Attractions products and services. It applies as well as section A (which applies to all Travel Experiences).
C2. Contractual relationship
1. We do not (re)sell, offer, or provide any Attractions on our own behalf – when you book an Attraction, you enter into a contract directly with (a) the Service Provider or (b) a Third-Party Aggregator (if they’re reselling the Attraction), as disclosed during the booking process.
2. We act solely as the Platform and are not involved in the terms of the Service Provider/Third-Party Aggregator. We aren’t responsible for your ticket and have no liability to you in relation to your booking except as described in these Terms.
C3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers and (from time to time) Third-Party Aggregators can promote and sell Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve booked your Attraction, we’ll provide you and the Service Provider/Third-Party Aggregator (as applicable) with details of the Booking; if the Service Provider/Third-Party Aggregator needs more than your name, we’ll tell you at the time of booking.
3. Depending on the terms of your booking, you may be able to change or cancel it if you want. Contact us using the Help Center (available 24 hours a day) if you need help with anything.
C4. What you need to do
1. You must fill in all your contact details correctly so we and/or the Service Provider/Third-Party Aggregator (as applicable) can provide you with information about your booking and, if necessary, contact you.
2. You must read and agree to comply with our Terms and the terms of the Service Provider/Third-Party Aggregator (which will be displayed at checkout), and acknowledge that breaching them may lead to additional charges and/or the cancellation of your booking.
C5. Price and payment
1. When you book an Attraction, we’ll organize your payment. For details on how this works (including the related rights and obligations), check “Payment” (A8).
C6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. Be sure to check “Policies” (A9).
C7. What else do you need to know?
How we work
1. For information on reviews, ranking, how we make money, and more, check out
How We Work
, which is also part of our Terms.
D. Car rentals
D1. Scope of this section
D2. Contractual relationship
D3. What we will do
D4. What you need to do
D5. Price and payment
D6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
D7. What else do you need to know?
D1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Car Rental products and services. It applies as well as section A (which applies to all Travel Experiences).
D2. Contractual relationship
1. The car rental pages on Booking.com and Rentalcars.com are operated by Booking.com Transport Limited. The company is registered in England and Wales (Number: 05179829) at the following address: 6 Goods Yard Street, Manchester, M3 3BG, United Kingdom. VAT number: GB 855349007. This means that you accept that the process of making a booking with Booking.com Transport Limited is governed by these Terms – although your actual rental will be governed by the Rental Agreement with your Service Provider (which you sign at pick-up).
2. When you book a rental, your booking is either (a) with us or (b) directly with the Service Provider. Either way:
our Terms govern the use of the Platform up until you pick up the rental;
the Rental Agreement governs the rental itself; when you sign this at the rental counter, you’ll enter a contract with the Service Provider (but you’ll review and accept its key terms while you’re booking your car).
Throughout Section D, “Service Provider” means the rental company that provides the car.
3. In most cases, you’ll get your booking Confirmation as soon as you complete your booking – but if the Service Provider doesn't confirm your rental immediately, we won’t take payment or send you your booking Confirmation until they’ve done so.
4. If there’s any discrepancy between these Terms and the Rental Agreement, the Rental Agreement will apply.
5. The Main Driver (the person whose details are entered during the booking process) is the only person who can change or cancel the booking or discuss it with us – unless they tell us they nominate someone else to do this.
D3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. We don’t guarantee the precise make and model you’re booking (unless we expressly say so). The phrase “or similar” means you could get a similar car (i.e. the same size, type of transmission, etc.). So the car pictures are illustrative only.
3. Once you’ve booked your rental:
we’ll give the Service Provider the booking details (e.g. the Main Driver’s name and contact phone number)
we’ll confirm the pick-up information (e.g. the Service Provider’s contact details and what you need to take with you).
D4. What you need to do
1. You must provide all the information we need to arrange your booking (contact details, pick-up time, etc.).
2. You must read and agree to comply with these Terms and the Rental Agreement – and acknowledge that if you breach them:
you might have to pay additional charges
your booking might be canceled
the staff might refuse to hand over the keys at the rental counter.
3. You must check your rental's specific requirements, as many details (driver’s license requirements, security deposit size, paperwork needed, payment cards accepted, etc.) vary by rental. Make sure you carefully read:
these Terms
the key terms of the Rental Agreement, which you’ll review while you’re booking, and
the Rental Agreement itself, which you’ll receive at pick-up.
4. You must be at the rental counter by your pick-up time (note that some Service Providers have a pick-up “grace period” in case you are delayed). If you arrive after the pick-up time (and after the pick-up grace period, if any), the car may no longer be available, and you may not be entitled to a refund from the Service Provider. Check the Rental Agreement for further information (while you’re booking your car, be sure to check “Important info,” which informs you of any grace period and which you accept at checkout). If you think you might be late, contact the Service Provider or us, even if it’s because of a flight delay and you’ve provided your flight number.
5. The key terms of your rental tell you what the Main Driver needs at pick-up. You must ensure that when they get to the rental counter, they bring everything they need (e.g., driver’s license, required ID, and a credit card in their own name, with enough available funds to cover the security deposit).
6. You must make sure the Main Driver is both eligible and fit to drive the car.
7. You must show the counter staff each driver’s full, valid driver’s license, which they must have held for at least one year (or longer, in many cases). If any driver has penalties/points on their license, let us know as soon as you are aware of this, as the Service Provider may not allow them to drive.
8. You must ensure that any driver with a driver’s license issued in England, Scotland, or Wales obtains a
license “check code”
no more than 21 days before pick-up.
9. You must ensure that every driver has their own International Driving Permit (if they need one) as well as their driver’s license. All drivers must carry their driver’s license (and International Driving Permit, if necessary) at all times.
10. You must ensure that every child has an appropriate child seat if they need one.
11. You must, if anything goes wrong during your rental (accident, breakdown, etc.):
contact the Service Provider
not authorize any repairs without the Service Provider’s consent (unless the Rental Agreement allows this)
Keep all documentation (repair bills, police reports, etc.) to share with us, the Service Provider, and/or the insurance company.
D5. Price and payment
1. If payment is taken at the time of booking, Booking.com Transport Limited will be the merchant of record. For details of our payment processes, be sure to refer to “Payment” (A8).
Additional costs and fees
2. In many cases, the Service Provider will charge a young driver fee for each driver under a certain age (e.g. 25). In some cases, they may charge a senior driver fee for each driver over a certain age (e.g. 65). When booking on our Platform, you must enter the Main Driver's age so we can show you details of any age-related fee(s) – which you would pay at pick-up.
3. In many cases, the Service Provider will charge a one-way fee if you drop the car off at a different location. If you intend to do this, you need to enter the drop-off location while booking so we can tell you if it’s possible and show you details of any one-way fee – which you would pay at pick-up.
4. In many cases, the Service Provider will charge a cross-border fee for taking the car to a different country/state/island. If you intend to do this, it's vital you tell us and/or the Service Provider as soon as you can (it must be before pick-up).
5. The price of your rental is calculated based on 24-hour units, so for example, a 25-hour rental will cost as much as a 48-hour rental.
6. If, after pick-up, you decide you want to keep the car for longer, be sure to contact the Service Provider. They’ll tell you how much this would cost, and you’ll enter a new contract with them. If you drop the car off late without agreeing on this in advance, they may charge an additional fee as well.
Extras
7. In some cases, you'll pay for any optional extras (car seats, GPS, winter tires, etc.) when you book your car – in which case, you’re guaranteed to get them at pick-up.
8. In other cases, you'll just request any extras when you book your car, in which case:
you’ll pay for them at pick-up, and
the Service Provider doesn't guarantee they'll be available for you.
D6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. We go above and beyond our legal obligations. Even though local laws don’t require us to offer specific cancellation rights, we guarantee that we will honor our refund policy if you cancel your booking.
2. The following “Cancellation and Amendments” terms apply to all bookings apart from:
where a credit card is required to reserve a pay-at-pick-up booking (the cancellation policy depends on the Service Provider, and details will be made available in the booking funnel); and
bookings that are labeled “non-refundable” (you can’t amend a non-refundable booking, and you won’t receive a refund if you cancel it).
Cancellations
3. If you cancel:
MORE THAN 48 hours before your rental is due to start, you’ll receive a full refund.
LESS THAN 48 hours before, or while you’re at the rental counter, we’ll refund what you paid minus the cost of 3 days of your rental – so there won’t be any refund if your car was booked for three days or less.
AFTER your rental is due to start (or if you no-show), you’ll receive no refund.
4. The counter staff may refuse you the car if (for example):
You don’t arrive on time
You are not eligible to rent the car
You don’t have the documentation you need
The main driver doesn’t have a credit card in their own name with enough funds available for the car’s security deposit.
For more on your Service Provider’s rules, refer to the “Important Information” that’s available while booking – or the Rental Agreement that you sign at the counter.
If they refuse you the car, call us straight away from the rental counter to cancel your booking, and we’ll refund what you paid, minus the cost of three days of your rental. Otherwise you won’t be entitled to a refund.
Amendments (changes to your Booking)
5. You can make changes to your booking anytime before you’re due to pick the car up.
6. In most cases, the easiest way to do this is via our app – or our website (under “Manage Booking”).
7. There is no administrative fee for changing your booking, but any changes you make may affect the rental price. Sometimes, the only way we can change a booking is to cancel it and make another one, in which case we may charge you a cancellation fee on the rental company’s behalf.
8. If changing your booking would change the price or incur a cancellation fee, we’ll tell you in advance.
Changes made by us
9. If we/the Service Provider need(s) to change your booking (e.g. if the Service Provider can’t provide the car), we’ll tell you as soon as we can. If you don't accept that change, you’ll be entitled to cancel and claim a full refund (no matter how close the start of your rental is), but we’ll have no additional liability for any direct or indirect costs you may incur (e.g. hotel rooms or taxis).
D7. What else do you need to know?
General
1. In all cases, drivers must be at least a minimum age to rent or drive a car. In some cases, they must also be below a maximum age. The limit(s) can vary by service provider, location, and type of car.
2. Only eligible drivers whose names appear on the Rental Agreement may drive the car.
3. You must not take the car to a different country/state/island and/or drop it off at a different location without arranging this in advance.
Late pick-up/early drop-off
4. If you pick your car up later (section D4.4) or drop it off earlier than agreed in your booking Confirmation, the Service Provider will not refund you for the “unused” time.
How we work
5. For information on reviews, ranking, how we make money, and more, check out
How We Work
, which is also part of our Terms.
E. Flights
E1. Scope of this section
E2. Contractual relationship
E3. What we will do
E4. What you need to do
E5. Price and payment
E6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
E7. What else do you need to know?
E1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Flights products and services. It applies as well as section A (which applies to all Travel Experiences).
E2. Contractual relationship
1. Most Flights on our Platform are provided via a Third-Party Aggregator, which acts as an intermediary to the airline(s).
2. When you make a booking, it’s directly with the airline. We’re not a “contractual party” to your Booking. When booking, you enter into (i) an Intermediation Contract with the Third-Party Aggregator (for the ticket) and (ii) a Contract of Carriage with the airline (for the Flight itself).
3. If you book any extras (e.g. additional baggage, insurance, etc.), you’ll enter into a direct contract with the Third-Party Aggregator or another company. We will not be involved in this contract.
4. We act solely as the Platform and are not involved in the Third-Party Terms. We are not responsible for your ticket or any extras you may buy and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) have no liability to you in relation to your Booking.
E3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve booked your Flight, your booking details (e.g. the names of the traveler(s)) will be provided to the Service Provider.
3. Depending on the Contract of Carriage, we may be able to help you change or cancel your booking if you want to do so. Contact us using the Help Center (available 24 hours a day) if you need help with anything.
E4. What you need to do
1. You must fill in all your contact details correctly so we and/or the Service Provider can provide you with information about your booking and, if necessary, contact you.
2. You must read and agree to comply with our Terms and the Third-Party Terms (which will be displayed at check-out) and acknowledge that breaching them may lead to additional charges and/or the cancellation of your Booking.
E5. Price and payment
1. When you book a Flight, your payment will be organized by us, by the Third-Party Aggregator (or a party specified by them), or by a third party such as an airline. For details of how we organize payments (including the related rights and obligations), be sure to check “Payment” (A8).
E6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. You’ll find the cancellation policy in the Contract of Carriage between you and the airline. It’s available while you’re booking your Flight and when your Flight is confirmed (on your “Manage Booking” page).
2. There may be a fee for changing or canceling your Flight.
3. Airlines reserve the right to reschedule or cancel flights in accordance with the airline’s terms and conditions, Contract of Carriage, or airline policies.
4. Different tickets from the same airline may have different restrictions or include different services. Make sure you read the full details provided during the booking process.
5. If you have any questions about changes, cancellations, or refunds, contact our
Customer Service team
.
E7. What else do you need to know?
Code share
1. Some airlines have “code share” agreements with other airlines. So you may buy your ticket from one airline (your “ticketing carrier”) but fly in a plane that’s owned by another airline (your “operating carrier”). In most cases like this, you’ll check in with your operating carrier, but confirm this with your ticketing carrier ahead of time.
2. While you’re booking your Flight, you’ll be informed if it’s a “code share” Flight.
Airline prohibited practices
3. Most airlines don’t allow people to buy tickets that include flights they don’t intend to use—for example, a round-trip ticket if the person doesn’t intend to use the return flight. For more examples, just enter “point-beyond ticketing,” “hidden-city ticketing,” or “back-to-back ticketing” into a search engine.
4. When you purchase a Flight, you agree not to do this. If you do this in breach of the airline’s terms (provided when you make your Booking), you will reimburse us for any difference between the cost of your actual journey and the cost of the full journey specified on your ticket(s) if the airline claims this from us.
U.S. NOTICE – OVERBOOKING OF FLIGHTS:
Airline flights may be overbooked, and there is a slight chance that a seat will not be available on a flight for which a person has a confirmed reservation. If the flight is overbooked, no one will be denied a seat until airline personnel first ask for volunteers willing to give up their reservation in exchange for compensation of the airline's choosing. If there are not enough volunteers, the airline will deny boarding to other persons in accordance with its particular boarding priority. With few exceptions, including failure to comply with the carrier's check-in deadline, persons denied boarding involuntarily are entitled to compensation. The complete rules for the payment of compensation and each airline's boarding priorities are available at all airport ticket counters and boarding locations. Some airlines do not apply these consumer protections to travel from some foreign countries, although other consumer protections may be available. Check with your airline or your travel agent.
Use of flight segments
5. Most airlines require customers to use their flights in order. So, if you don’t take your first Flight, your airline may automatically cancel the rest of your itinerary.
6. If your airline allows you to “skip” any flights in your itinerary, make sure you cancel the flight(s) you don’t want, which is in line with the cancellation policy. You may not be entitled to a full refund (or any refund) for these unused Flights.
One-way tickets
7. If you buy two one-way tickets rather than a single round-trip ticket:
you’ll be making two separate bookings, each with its own rules and policies
any changes to one Flight will not affect the other (e.g. if your initial Flight is canceled, you won’t be guaranteed a refund for your second Flight).
8. If you’re traveling abroad, you may need to prove to the Check-in and/or Immigration staff that you have a return Flight (check “International travel” for more on passports, visas, etc.).
Charges, taxes, and fees
9. Your fare will include any taxes and fees charged by an airline or government (except entry/exit fees – check “Entry/exit fees”). You may be responsible for dealing with any retroactive change in the tax rate.
Service fees
10. Depending on which Flight you choose, you may be charged a service fee by us and/or the Third-Party Aggregator.
Our service fee (if any) is for using our Platform so you can buy a ticket from a Third-Party Aggregator. This fee includes any applicable VAT/GST/similar taxes.
The Third-Party Aggregator’s service fee (if any) is a fee for using them as intermediary to the airline(s). This fee may include any applicable VAT/GST/similar taxes.
11. The price of your ticket will include any service fee(s).
12. You must act in your role as a private consumer to purchase Flights products and services on our Platform. A private consumer is, as opposed to a business, a natural person who enters into a legal transaction for purposes which are predominantly outside its commercial and/or self-employed activities.
Fees for baggage and other extras
13. Your airline may charge for checked baggage, excess/overweight baggage, priority boarding, allocated seating, onboard entertainment, food and drink, and/or airport check-in.
14. If they do, the charge(s) will be on top of the price of your ticket (unless it’s expressly stated that your Flight included the extra(s)).
SPECIAL BAGGAGE LIABILITY LIMITATIONS FOR U.S. TRAVEL: For domestic travel wholly between U.S. points, federal rules require any limit on a carrier’s baggage liability to be at least US$3,800 per passenger, or the amount currently mandated by 14 CFR 254.5.
Boarding requirements
You must comply with all applicable airline boarding requirements, including check-in time limits and time limits for when you must present yourself at the gate. You must ensure that you present yourself at the airport with enough time to complete all boarding requirements.
Failure to comply with boarding requirements may result in the airline canceling your itinerary.
International travel
15. It’s your responsibility to:
carry a valid passport and/or visa if required
comply with any entry requirements
find out if you need a visa to pass through a country that isn’t your final destination
check with the relevant embassy in advance to confirm if there’s been any change in passport, visa, or entry requirements
review any warnings or advice from your country of residence/origin before you go to/through a country or region.
16. By arranging travel to or from any location, we are not guaranteeing that it is without risk and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any resulting damages or losses.
17. It’s not a common practice, but international law allows “disinfection” of aircrafts to kill insects. To do this, personnel might spray the aircraft’s cabin with an aerosol insecticide while passengers are on board, or treat its interior surfaces with a residual insecticide while they’re not on board. Before you travel, we advise you to find out about disinfection, including where it might happen.
Advice to international passengers on limitations of liability:
Passengers embarking upon a journey involving an ultimate destination or a stop in a country other than the country of departure are advised that the provisions of an international treaty (the Warsaw Convention, the 1999 Montreal Convention, or other treaty), as well as a carrier’s own contract of carriage or tariff provisions, may be applicable to their entire journey, including any portion entirely within the countries of departure and destination. The applicable treaty governs and may limit the liability of carriers to passengers for death or personal injury, destruction or loss of, or damage to, baggage, and for delay of passengers and baggage.
Additional protection can usually be obtained by purchasing insurance from a private company. Such insurance is not affected by any limitation of the carrier’s liability under an international treaty. For further information, be sure to consult your airline or insurance company representative.
Dangerous Goods/Hazardous Materials
U.S. Federal law forbids transporting hazardous materials aboard aircraft, whether in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives, compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives, and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks, tear gases, bottled oxygen, and radio-pharmaceuticals. Lithium batteries are not allowed in checked luggage. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicines and toiletries carried in your luggage, and for certain smoking materials carried on your person.
For further information, contact your airline or visit
https://www.faa.gov/hazmat/packsafe/
.
Entry/Exit fees
18. Fees charged by countries or airports to persons entering/leaving the country are not covered by your fare. Before you travel, we advise you to find out if you’ll have to pay this kind of fee.
EU: Passengers’ rights under EU Regulation 261/2004
19. If your flight is delayed or canceled or you’re denied boarding, you may be entitled to compensation/assistance under
EU Regulation 261/2004
if:
You’re flying into the European Union (EU)
You’re flying out of the EU
Your Flight is provided by an EU airline
EU: Airline carrier liability under EU Regulation 889/2002
20. If there’s an accident that happens within the EU,
EU Regulation 889/2002
might apply to you.
EU: Rights of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility when traveling by air under EU Regulation 1107/2006
21.
EU Regulation 1107/2006
provides certain rights for people who are disabled or have reduced mobility.
How We Work
22. For information on reviews, ranking, how we make money, and more, check out
How We Work
, which is also part of our Terms.
F. Private and Public Transportation
F1. Scope of this section
F2. Contractual relationship
F3. What we will do
F4. What you need to do
F5. Price and payment
F6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
F7. What else do you need to know?
F1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Private and Public Transportation products and services. It applies as well as section A (which applies to all Travel Experiences).
F2. Contractual relationship
1. When you pre-book Private or Public Transportation, your booking will be directly with the Service Provider or via a Third-Party Aggregator who will allocate your booking to a Service Provider. In all cases, our Terms will govern the booking process.
2. Pre-Booked Private Transportation. You and the Service Provider both agree to comply with these Terms. By making a booking, you are confirming that you have read and accepted the Service Provider or the Third Party Aggregator’s terms (where applicable). Not all Service Providers have their own terms, but you’re welcome to check out
all the terms that we’ve been provided
.
3. Public Transportation. You’ll be provided with the Service Provider’s terms during the booking process. If there is any discrepancy between their terms and our Terms, their terms will apply.
F3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve made your booking, we’ll give the Service Provider your details (e.g. your name, phone number, and pick-up location).
3. All Private Transportation: We’ll give you the Service Provider’s contact details.
4. Pre-Booked Private Transportation: We’ll make sure the Service Provider knows what size vehicle you’ve requested.
5. Public Transportation: We’ll give you (or tell you how to collect) your ticket(s).
F4. What you need to do
1. You must check the details of your booking carefully, and provide all the information we need to arrange your booking (your requirements, contact details, etc.).
2. You must make sure everyone in your group complies with our Terms and (where applicable) the Service Provider’s terms, which you saw and accepted during the booking process. You acknowledge that if you breach them:
you might have to pay additional charges
your booking might be canceled
your driver may refuse to transport you.
3. Bear in mind that estimated journey times don’t take traffic conditions into account.
4. All Private Transportation: You must make sure all passengers are at the pick-up location on time.
5. All Private Transportation: At and around your pick-up Time, you must have the phone (whose number you entered when you made your Booking) switched on and able to receive calls/texts, in case the driver needs to contact you. We can't guarantee they’ll be able to reach you through messaging applications such as WhatsApp or Viber.
6. Pre-Booked Private Transportation: For any airport pick-up, you must give us your flight details at least 24 hours before your pick-up Time so your Service Provider can adjust the pick-up Time if your flight is delayed. If they can’t provide Private Transportation following a flight delay or cancellation, contact our Customer Service team.
7. Public Transportation: You must make sure all passengers arrive on time, leaving enough time to collect tickets if necessary.
8. You must be 18 or older to make a booking, and any passenger under 18 must be accompanied by a responsible adult.
9. You must make sure no passenger behaves inappropriately (e.g. being abusive or doing anything that might endanger someone).
10. You must make sure you choose Public/Private Transportation that’s suitable (in terms of party size, amount of luggage, accessibility requirements, etc.).
F5. Price and payment
1. Booking.com Transport Limited will arrange the payment for your Booking. For details of our payment process, be sure to refer to “Payment” (A8).
2. Pre-Booked Private Transportation: Price includes any tolls, congestion charges, taxes, and peak surcharges. Payment is taken at the time of booking. Price for Shared Pre-Booked Private Transportation Services will be per seat.
3. Public Transportation: Payment is taken when your booking is confirmed. Before departure, the Service Provider may need to check your ticket(s)/e-ticket(s). Keep it/them with you at all times, or you might have to pay again.
4. The Service Provider/driver doesn’t have to agree to any changes to the Journey that you request in person. If they do, they may charge extra.
F6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
Cancellation
1. In most cases:
Pre-Booked Private Transportation: You can cancel for free up to 24 hours before your pick-up Time (two hours in some cases; review your confirmation). If you don’t cancel on time, you won’t be entitled to a refund.
Public Transportation: You won’t be entitled to a refund once your booking is confirmed. If your plans change, contact our Customer Service team to discuss any options that might be available.
2. If your Service Provider or Third-Party Aggregator has a different cancellation policy (which you’ll review while booking), their policy will apply instead.
3. We and/or the Service Provider may cancel the booking with little or no notice, but this would only happen in very specific situations. For example, if:
the Service Provider becomes insolvent or is genuinely unable to honor your booking – in which case we'll do our best to arrange alternative transportation (and we'll refund you in full if we can't)
you are in breach of these Terms and/or the Service Provider’s terms, in which case you may not be entitled to a refund.
4. Where multiple tickets have been purchased for Shared Pre-Booked Private Transportation, if you cancel, all tickets will be canceled.
Amendments (changes) before your Journey begins
5. Pre-Booked Private Transportation: Your confirmation email will tell you how much notice you need to give (ahead of your pick-up Time) to request any changes to your booking (such as location or time).
6. Public Transportation: You cannot change your booking once it’s confirmed.
7. If we/the Service Provider need to change your booking (for example, if there’s a strike that interferes with your journey), we’ll tell you as soon as we can. If you then decide to cancel:
Any Transportation: Unless you cancel for one of the reasons in the next bullet, you’ll be entitled to a full refund (no matter how close your journey is).
Any Private Transportation: If the change is just a new driver, a new Service Provider, or a new (similar) vehicle, you won’t be entitled to a refund (unless you’re canceling with enough notice).
Either way, neither we nor the Service Provider will be liable for any costs you may incur (e.g. alternative transportation, hotel rooms).
8. Where multiple tickets have been purchased for Shared Pre-Booked Private Transportation, if you amend the booking, all tickets will be amended.
Refunds
9. If you wish to apply for a refund, you must do so in writing no more than 14 days after your pick-up time.
10. Any refund may take up to five business days to arrive in your account.
11. All Private Transportation: If your driver isn’t at the pick-up location on time, you can apply for a refund, and we’ll investigate this for you.
12. All Private Transportation: You won't be entitled to a refund if your ride doesn't go ahead as planned because:
the driver/Service Provider can’t contact you
one or more passengers aren’t at the pick-up location on time, and you haven’t requested a new pick-up time
you request unreasonable changes to the pick-up time or journey
you don’t tell us/the Service Provider/the driver about a change you want to make
you provided incorrect details when booking your Private Transportation (pick-up location, contact details, number of people, amount of luggage, etc.).
F7. What else do you need to know?
Pre-Booked Private Transportation
1. Review your confirmation email to check how long the driver will wait at the pick-up location.
Repair or cleaning fees
2. If anything needs to be repaired or cleaned because someone in your group has done something unreasonable or is in breach of these Terms, you will be responsible for the cost of repairs/cleaning.
How we work
3. For information on reviews, ranking, how we make money, and more, be sure to check out
How We Work
.
G. Cruises
We do not (re)sell, offer, or provide any cruises on our own behalf. Booking.com Cruises are offered and sold by World Travel Holdings, Inc. (“WTH”). When you phone Booking.com Cruises or visit https://cruises.booking.com, you are interacting directly with WTH. When you book a cruise, you are entering into a contract with WTH, and you are subject to WTH’s Terms & Conditions. Booking.com is not responsible for your cruise and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) has no liability to you in relation to your booking.
Booking.com dictionary
“Account” means an account (with Booking.com or a Group Company) through which you can book Travel Experiences on our Platform.
“Accommodation” means the provision of an accommodation service by a Service Provider (throughout Section B, “Service Provider” means the provider of the accommodation service).
“Attraction” means the provision of an Attraction service by a Service Provider (throughout Section C, “Service Provider” means the provider of the Attraction service).
“Attraction service(s)” includes, but is not limited to, tours, museums, attractions, activities, and experiences.
“Booking” means the booking of a Travel Experience on our Platform, whether you pay for it now or later.
“Booking.com,” “us,” “we,” or “our” means Booking.com B.V. (for accommodation, flights, or attractions) or Booking.com Transport Limited (for any ground transport service).
Corporate contact
“Booking Confirmation” (in the “Car rentals” section) means the confirmation email and voucher we send you, explaining the details of your Booking.
“Booking Network Sponsored Ads” means our program that lets Accommodation Service Providers bid through a third party (Koddi) for their product to appear in second place when your search results are ordered by “Our top picks.”
“Cash Credits” means a benefit with a monetary value that you can “cash out” to the Payment Method that we have on file for you, or put toward the cost of a future Travel Experience.
“Contract of Carriage” means the contract between you and the Service Provider, which deals with your Flight.
“Credits” means a benefit with a monetary value. There are “Cash Credits” and “Travel Credits.”
“Credit Card Cashback” means a benefit with a monetary value that can be cashed out to the credit card that we have on file for you, but can’t be put toward the cost of a future Travel Experience.
“Connectivity Provider” means a company that allows properties and Booking.com to communicate accommodation information and customers’ booking data.
“Currency Conversion Rate” means the rate that we use to convert currency; this is currently the WM/Refinitiv Closing Spot Rate, but this may change.
“Eligible Booking” means a booking that meets the criteria to qualify for a Reward.
“Flight” means the provision of a flight by a Service Provider (throughout Section E, “Service Provider” means the airline).
“Group Company” means an affiliate of Booking.com – either a direct shareholding of Booking.com or part of the Booking Holdings Inc. group.
“Individual Reward Criteria” refers to rules that apply to certain Rewards, in addition to the general “Rewards, Credits & Wallet” terms (A14).
“Intermediation Contract” (in the “Flights” section) means the contract between you and the Third-Party Aggregator, which deals with the way they arrange your Flight ticket (and, in some cases, any extras) with the airline or another company.
“Main Driver” means the driver whose details were entered during the booking process.
“Pay In Your Own Currency” is the payment option that we sometimes offer when a Service Provider doesn’t use your currency. This option lets you pay in your currency instead.
“Payment Method” means the method used to pay for a booking, which might be a credit/debit card or an alternative payment method.
“Pick-up” (in the “Car rentals” section) means the process at the start of your rental, when you provide the required ID and other documentation, pay for any fees and additional extras, enter into the Rental Agreement, and collect your car.
“Pick-up Time” (in the “Car rentals” section) means the (local) date and time you’re due to pick up your car, as stated in your booking Confirmation.
“Pick-up Time” (in the “Private and Public Transportation” section) means the (local) time when a Pre-Booked Private Transportation is due to reach the pick-up location.
“Platform” means the website/app on which you can book Travel Experiences, whether owned or managed by Booking.com B.V., Booking.com Transport Limited, and/or a third-party affiliate.
“Pre-Booked Private Transportation” means a private vehicle (including Shared Pre-Booked Private Transportation) that you request at least 30 minutes before you arrive at the pick-up location.
“Private Transportation Journey” means the private transportation journey as set out in the booking (including any changes after the booking was made).
“Public Transportation” means trains, buses, trams, and other types of public transportation.
“Public Transportation Journey” means the public transportation journey as set out in the booking (including any changes after the booking was made).
“Rental” (or “Car Rental”) means the provision of a car by a Service Provider (throughout Section D, “Service Provider” means the rental company that provides the car).
“Shared Pre-Booked Private Transportation” means vehicles shared with other travelers where you purchase an individual seat(s) for the provision of the Services.
“Rental Agreement” means the contract between you and the Service Provider, which you sign at pick-up. You’ll be provided with a summary of the key terms during the booking process.
“Rewards” means a benefit that you are promised. In most cases, Rewards will be Travel Credits, Cash Credits, Credit Card Cashback, or a voucher for an item of some kind.
“Service Provider” means the provider of a travel-related product or service on the Platform, including but not limited to the owner of a hotel or other property (for an “accommodation” Booking), a museum or park (for an “attraction” Booking), or a car rental company or airline (for a “transportation” Booking).
“Services” (in the “Private and Public Transportation” section) means the provision of a Public Transportation Journey or Private Transportation Journey.
“Terms” means these terms of service.
“Third-Party Aggregator” means a company that acts as either (a) an intermediary between you and the Service Provider or (b) a reseller of the Travel Experience.
“Third-Party Terms” (in the “Flights” section) means both the Intermediation Contract with the Third-Party Aggregator (for the ticket) and the Contract of Carriage with the airline (for the Flight itself).
“Travel Credits” means a benefit with a monetary value that you can put toward the cost of a future Travel Experience but can’t “cash out.”
“Travel Experience” means one of the travel-related products or services on the Platform.
“Upfront Payment” means a payment that you make when you book a product or service, rather than when you actually use it.
“Wallet” means a dashboard in your Account that shows your Rewards, Credits, and other incentives.
DATE: August 25, 2025
Previous terms of service
For reservations made before August 25, 2025:
Table of contents
A. All Travel Experiences
B. Accommodations
C. Attractions
D. Car rentals
E. Flights
F. Private and public transportation
G. Cruises
Booking.com dictionary
A. All Travel Experiences
A1. Definitions
A2. About these terms
A3. About Booking.com
A4. Our Platform
A5. Our values
A6. Prices
A7. Payment
A8. Policies
A9. Privacy and cookies
A10. Accessibility requests
A11. Insurance
A12. Genius
A13. Rewards, Credits, & Wallet
A14. Intellectual property rights
A15. What if something goes wrong?
A16. Communication with the Service Provider
A17. Measures against unacceptable behavior
A18. Limitation of liability
A19. Arbitration agreement
A20. Linked travel arrangements
A1. Definitions
1. Some of the words you’ll see have very specific meanings, so check out the “
Booking.com dictionary
” at the end of these Terms.
A2. About these terms
1. When you complete your Booking, you accept these Terms and any other ones that you’re provided with during the booking process. These Terms include an agreement to mandatory, binding individual arbitration, which means that you agree to submit most disputes related to our Platform, the use of the services on our Platform, or these Terms, to binding arbitration rather than proceeding in court. You may opt-out of this arbitration agreement only by following the procedures in A19 below. These Terms also include the waiving of any class action or jury trial.
2. If anything in these Terms is (or becomes) invalid or unenforceable:
it will still be enforced to the fullest extent permitted by law
you will still be bound by everything else in the Terms.
3. These Terms are laid out like this:
Section A: General terms for all types of Travel Experiences.
Sections B to F: Specific terms for just one type of Travel Experience:
Section B: Accommodations
Section C: Attractions
Section D: Car rentals
Section E: Flights
Section F: Private and public transportation
If there’s any discrepancy between general and specific terms, the specific terms will apply.
4. The English version of these Terms is the original. If there’s any dispute about the Terms or any discrepancy between the Terms in English and another language, the Terms as they appear in English will apply. (You can change the language at the top of this page.)
A3. About Booking.com
1. When you book an accommodation, flight, or attraction,
Booking.com B.V.
provides and is responsible for the Platform, but not the Travel Experience itself (see A4.4 below).
2. When you book a rental car or private or public transportation, Booking.com Transport Limited provides and is responsible for the Platform, but not the Travel Experience itself (see A4.4 below).
3. We work with companies that provide local support services (e.g. Customer Support or account management). They don’t:
control or manage our Platform
have their own Platform
have any legal or contractual relationship with you
provide Travel Experiences
represent us, enter into contracts, or accept legal documents in our name
operate as our “process or service agents.”
A4. Our Platform
1. We take reasonable care in providing our Platform, but we can’t guarantee that everything on it is accurate (we get information from the Service Providers). To the extent permitted by law, we can’t be held responsible for any errors, any interruptions, or any missing bits of information, though we will do everything we can to correct/fix them as soon as we can.
2. Our Platform is not a recommendation or endorsement of any Service Provider or its products, services, facilities, vehicles, etc.
3. We’re not a party to the terms between you and the Service Provider. The Service Provider is solely responsible for the Travel Experience.
4. To make a Booking, you may need to create an Account. Make sure all your info (including payment and contact details) is correct and up to date, or you might not be able to access your Travel Experience(s). You’re responsible for anything that happens with your Account, so don’t let anyone else use it and keep your username and password secret.
5. We’ll show you the offers that are available to you, in (what we think is) the right language for you. You can change to another language whenever you like.
6. Unless otherwise indicated, you need to be at least 16 to use the Platform.
A5. Our values
1. You will:
abide by
Our values
comply with all applicable laws
cooperate with any anti-fraud/anti-money laundering checks we need to carry out
not use the Platform to cause a nuisance or make fake Bookings
use the Travel Experience and/or Platform for their intended purpose
not cause any nuisance or damage, and not behave inappropriately to the Service Provider’s personnel (or anyone else, for that matter).
A6. Prices
1. When you make a Booking, you agree to pay the cost of the Travel Experience, including any taxes and charges that may apply.
2. Some of the prices you see may have been rounded to the nearest whole number. The price you pay will be based on the original, “non-rounded” price (although the actual difference will be tiny anyway).
3. Obvious errors and misprints are not binding. For example, if you book a premium car or a night in a luxury suite that was mistakenly offered for $1, we may simply cancel that Booking and refund anything you’ve paid.
4. A crossed-out price indicates the price of a like-for-like Booking without the price reduction applied (“like-for-like” means same dates, same policies, same quality of accommodation/vehicle/class of travel, etc.).
A7. Payment
1. For some products/services, the Service Provider will require an Upfront Payment and/or a payment taken during your Travel Experience.
If we organize your payment,
we (or in some cases our affiliate in the country your payment originates from) will be responsible for managing your payment and ensuring the completion of your transaction with our Service Provider. In this case, your payment constitutes final settlement of the “due and payable” price.
If the Service Provider charges you,
this will usually be in person at the start of your Travel Experience, but it could also be (for example) that your credit card is charged when you book, or that you pay when you check out of your Accommodation. This depends on the Upfront Payment policy of the Service Provider as communicated to you in the booking process.
2. If the Service Provider requires an Upfront Payment, it may be taken or pre-authorized when you make your Booking, and it may be non-refundable. Before you book, check the Service Provider’s Upfront Payments policy (available during the booking process), which we don’t influence and aren’t responsible for.
3. If you know of or suspect any fraud or unauthorized use of your Payment Method, contact your payment provider, who may cover any resulting charges, possibly for a fee.
4. If the currency selected on the Platform isn't the same as the Service Provider's currency, we may:
show prices in your own currency
offer you the Pay In Your Own Currency option.
You’ll see our Currency Conversion Rate during check-out, in the Booking details of your Account, or (if you don’t have an Account) in the email we send you. If we charge you fees in connection with any such services, you’ll find the fee expressed as a percentage over European Central Bank rates. Your card issuer may charge you a foreign transaction fee.
5. We’ll store your Payment Method details for future transactions after collecting your consent.
A8. Policies
1. When you make a Booking, you accept the applicable policies as displayed in the booking process. You'll find each Service Provider's cancellation policy and any other policies (e.g. age requirements, security/damage deposits, additional supplements for group Bookings, extra beds, breakfast, pets, cards accepted, etc.) on our Platform, on the Service Provider information pages, during the booking process, in the fine print, and/or in the confirmation email or ticket (if applicable).
2. If you cancel a Booking or don’t show up, any cancellation/no-show fee or refund will depend on the Service Provider’s cancellation/no-show policy.
3. Some Bookings can’t be canceled for free, while others can only be canceled for free before a deadline.
4. If you book a Travel Experience by paying in advance (including all price components and/or a damage deposit if applicable), the Service Provider may cancel the Booking without notice if they can't collect the balance on the date specified. If they do, any non-refundable payment you’ve made will only be refunded at their discretion. It's your responsibility to make sure the payment goes through on time, that your bank, debit card, or credit card details are correct, and that there's enough money available in your account.
5. If you think you won’t arrive on time, contact your Service Provider and tell them when they can expect you so they don't cancel your Booking. If you’re late, we are not liable for the consequences (e.g. the cancellation of your Booking or any fees the Service Provider may charge).
6. As the person making the Booking, you are responsible for the actions and behavior (in relation to the Travel Experience) of everyone in the group. You’re also responsible for obtaining their permission before providing us with their personal data.
A9. Privacy and cookies
1. If you book an accommodation, flight, or attraction, read our
Privacy and Cookie Notice
for more info on privacy, cookies, and how we might contact you and process personal data
2. If you book ground transport, read the
Rentalcars.com Privacy Statement
,
Cars.booking.com Privacy Statement
, or
Taxi.booking.com Privacy Statement
to find out how we process your personal data.
A10. Accessibility requests
1. If you have any accessibility requests:
about our Platform and/or services, contact our Customer Service team
about your Travel Experience (wheelchair access, walk-in baths, etc.), contact your Service Provider or the airport, train station, etc.
A11. Insurance
1. If you bought insurance through our Platform, refer to the policy document(s) for the terms and for further info. These Terms do not apply to insurance.
A12. Genius
1. The Genius rate is a discounted rate offered by participating Service Providers for certain products/services.
2. Genius rates are for members of the Booking.com Genius program. There are no membership fees, and it’s easy to become a member – just create an Account. Membership and rates are non-transferable. Membership is linked to a specific Account. Membership can also be linked to specific campaigns or incentives.
3. There are different “Genius Levels” based on how many Accommodation Bookings you’ve made in a given period. Each level provides different travel rewards.
4. We may change any feature of the Genius program, including the membership levels and the way the program is structured.
5. For more details, visit
https://www.booking.com/genius.html
.
A13. Rewards, Credits, & Wallet
1. We may issue Rewards to you—at our sole discretion and subject to—(a) the terms here in A13 and (b) any Individual Reward Criteria that apply. If we make a clerical error (i) in calculating your Rewards or (ii) in converting currencies related to your Rewards, we can always change or correct any balances shown.
2.
How to get Rewards.
You might, for example, get a Reward by booking at a participating hotel or by making a certain number of Bookings in a given time period. When a Reward is available, we’ll explain what the specific conditions are and how to use it.
3.
Where to find your Rewards.
Once you’ve received one or more Rewards, you’ll find a “Rewards and Wallet” link in your Booking.com Account menu. Under the “Rewards” tab, you’ll see all the Rewards you’ve earned, what actions (if any) still need to be taken to obtain the Reward(s), and any other terms and conditions.
4.
Types of Rewards.
Rewards give you (a) Credits in your Wallet or (b) something different (e.g. a Credit Card Cashback or a coupon). We’ll explain each Reward at the appropriate time.
5.
How to get Credits.
Credits are usually issued as a result of getting a Reward. But we may issue Credits for other reasons, for example, if your Travel Experience didn’t live up to our usual high standards.
6.
Where to find your Credits.
Once you’ve received some Credits, you’ll find a “Rewards and Wallet” link in your Booking.com Account menu. Under the “Wallet” tab, you’ll see your total Credits balance (split into Travel Credits and Cash Credits if you have both kinds). You’ll see when Credits were received or spent, and when they’ll expire. If you have Cash Credits, you’ll also see a link to cash them out.
7.
Types of Credits.
Travel Credits can
only
be spent on certain Travel Experiences. We’ll show you which Travel Experiences you can pay for with Travel Credits (which specific accommodations, attractions, car rentals, etc.). Cash Credits can be cashed out to your Payment Method (click “Withdraw Cash Credit”), or spent on any Travel Experience that you can pay for with Travel Credits.
Rewards
8. To receive any type of Rewards, you must, when qualifying for and using the Credits:
have an Account with us
be at least 18 years old
meet the Individual Reward Criteria
not violate the Rewards & Wallet Terms, and
have a valid credit card to qualify for Credit Card Cashback Rewards.
9. When a Reward is available, the Individual Reward Criteria will explain how (and if) you qualify for it. There may be:
time-sensitive restrictions (e.g. offers with expiration dates)
platform restrictions (e.g. promotional codes that can only be used in our app)
property restrictions (e.g. offers that can only be used with specific Service Providers)
a minimum spend (e.g. a Reward that you’ll only earn when you spend at least a certain amount on a Booking)
a maximum Reward value (for either monetary or non-monetary Rewards).
10. Rewards can’t be sold, encumbered, or transferred in any way to a third party. In the event of an Account holder’s death, their Account will be closed and their Rewards (if any) will be canceled.
Credits
11. You can put either Cash Credits or Travel Credits toward the cost of an eligible Travel Experience on a participating Platform (e.g. www.booking.com or a Group Company website).
12. If that Travel Experience costs less than you have in Credits, your unused Credits will remain available in your Wallet.
13. If that Travel Experience costs more than you have in Credits, you must make up the rest of the cost in time, using another accepted Payment Method, or your purchase will be canceled and your Credits returned to your Wallet.
14. If you have various Credits with more than one expiration date, the Credits with the earliest expiration date will be used first.
15. If you cancel a Travel Experience that you’ve paid for (in part or in full) with Credits, the Service Provider’s cancellation policy will determine whether or not your money and/or Credits are refunded. Our Customer Service team will be able to refund any Credits that you may be entitled to.
16. You can cash out Cash Credits (but not Travel Credits) to a Payment Method.
17. Your Wallet’s default currency is determined by your location, residency, or another currency we may elect. If you get any Credits or Credit Card Cashbacks in another currency, we’ll convert them to your default currency, or another currency we may elect, using our Currency Conversion Rate.
18. If a Reward was issued because you booked a Travel Experience, any associated Credits that haven’t been used will be deleted from your Wallet if that Travel Experience is canceled.
19. We reserve the right to cancel any Reward that was obtained by fraud.
20. If you didn’t receive a Reward that you should have, contact our Customer Service team no more than 12 months after you did what you believe qualified you for it. Please provide any supporting documentation you have. If you don’t do this within 12 months, you won’t be able to claim the Reward.
21. All Credits have an expiration date, which you’ll find in the “Credits” section of your Wallet.
Wallet
22. All data, including personal data, will be processed in accordance with our privacy policy and applicable data protection laws and regulations. It will be shared with Group Companies or Service Providers as required by the Wallet program. Lost, stolen, or expired Rewards will not be replaced.
23. Your obligations:
You’re responsible for making sure that all information is (and stays) correct, complete, and up to date
If we ask you for proof of ID, please provide it within 30 days
You’re responsible for keeping your Wallet sign-in details safe and secure.
24. If you don’t adhere to the rules in this section, we may automatically suspend or cancel your Wallet.
25. You may not use your Wallet or Rewards in any way that is misleading, unfair, or harmful.
26. We may set off/settle any or all of your Credits against any claim we (or a Group Company) have against you. We may do this at any time, and without advance notice.
27. We may change, suspend, or end any aspect of the Wallet, Rewards, and Credits. In particular, we might change:
these Rewards & Wallet terms
which users we allow to have a Wallet
which Rewards or Credits we provide
the expiration dates of any Rewards or Credits
any Individual Reward Criteria.
28. We’ll make reasonable efforts to give you prior notice if we make any changes or stop providing Wallets altogether.
29. If we stop providing Wallets, all Credits and Rewards that haven’t expired will be valid for another 12 months.
A14. Intellectual property rights
1. Unless otherwise stated, all rights in our Platform (technology, content, trademarks, look and feel, etc.) are owned by Booking.com (or its licensors), and by using our Platform, you agree to do so for its intended purpose only and to respect the conditions set out below in paragraphs A14.2 and A14.3.
2. You’re not allowed to monitor, copy, scrape/crawl, download, reproduce, or otherwise use anything on our Platform for any commercial purpose without written permission of Booking.com or its licensors.
3. We keep a close eye on every visit to our Platform, and we’ll block anyone (and any automated system) we suspect of:
conducting an unreasonable amount of searches
using any device or software to gather prices or other information
doing anything that places undue stress on our Platform.
4. By uploading any picture to our Platform (e.g. for a review), you’re confirming that it complies with
our criteria
and that:
it’s truthful (e.g. you haven’t altered the picture or uploaded one of a different property)
it doesn’t contain any viruses
you’re allowed to share it with us
we’re allowed to use it on our platform and in relation to further commercial purposes (including in a promotional context), everywhere, forever. (If you let us know we can no longer use it, we’ll consider any such reasonable request)
it doesn’t infringe the privacy rights of other people
you accept full responsibility for any legal claims against Booking.com related to it.
5. Just to be clear, we’re not responsible or liable for any picture uploaded to our Platform, and we’re allowed to remove any picture at our discretion (e.g. if a picture does not meet the above criteria).
A15. What if something goes wrong?
1. If you have a question or complaint, contact our Customer Service team. You can do so by accessing your Booking through our app or through our Help Center (where you’ll also find some useful FAQs). You can help us help you as quickly as possible by providing:
your Booking confirmation number, your contact details, your PIN (if you have one), and the email address you used when booking
a summary of the issue, including how you’d like us to help you
any supporting documents (e.g. bank statement, pictures, receipts, etc.)
2. All questions and complaints are recorded, and the most urgent ones are treated as highest priority.
3. If you're a resident of the European Economic Area and aren’t happy with the way we handle your complaint, you may be able to complain via the European Commission's ODR (Online Dispute Resolution) platform (
ec.europa.eu/odr
). It depends on what your complaint was about:
if it was about an accommodation, flight, or attraction, you can use that ODR platform
if it was about ground transport, you can’t (because ground transport is booked with Booking.com Transport Limited, and the UK has left the EU).
4. If you’re a resident of the Czech Republic and aren’t happy with the way we handle your complaint, you can complain to the Czech Trade Inspection Authority: Central Inspectorate, ADR Department, registered office Štěpánská 15, Prague 2, postal code: 120 00, email: adr@coi.cz,
https://www.coi.cz/informace-o-adr/
.
5. If you’re a resident of Brazil and aren’t happy with the way we handle your complaint, you can complain via the Brazilian Federal Consumer Dispute Resolution Platform (
consumidor.gov.br/
).
6. We try to resolve disputes internally, and aren’t obliged to submit to any alternative dispute resolution procedures handled by independent providers.
A16. Communication with the Service Provider
1. We may help you communicate with your Service Provider, but we can’t guarantee that they’ll read anything from you or that they’ll do what you ask. In itself, the fact that you contact them or that they contact you doesn’t mean you have any grounds for legal action.
A17. Measures against unacceptable behavior
1. We have the right to stop you from making any Bookings, to cancel any Bookings you’ve made, and/or to stop you from using our Platform, our Customer Service, and/or your Account. Of course, we’ll only do this if in our opinion there’s a good reason to, such as:
fraud or abuse
non-compliance with
Our values
or with applicable laws or regulations
inappropriate or unlawful behavior (e.g. violence, threats, invasion of privacy) in relation to us, any of the companies we work with – or anyone else, for that matter.
2. If we cancel a Booking as a result, you won’t be entitled to a refund. We may tell you why we canceled your Booking, unless telling you would (a) contravene applicable laws and/or (b) prevent or obstruct the detection or prevention of fraud or other illegal activities. If you believe we incorrectly canceled your Booking, contact our Customer Service team.
A18. Limitation of liability
1. These terms limit only our liabilities under applicable law. Nothing in these terms will limit our (or the Service Provider’s) liability for our (or their) own (i) negligence that leads to death or personal injury or (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, gross negligence, or willful misconduct. Booking.com shall not be liable for any losses outside of the rights and responsibilities described in this section, unless said losses are caused by Booking.com’s breach of these terms. As a non-limiting example, Booking.com shall not be liable for any:
indirect or consequential loss or damage
loss of profits, use, data, revenues, business opportunities, or goodwill
special, punitive, or exemplary damages
inaccurate information about a Service Provider
product, service, or action of a Service Provider or other business partner
mistake in an email address, phone number, or credit card number (unless it’s our fault)
force majeure or event beyond our control.
2. If you are in breach of these Terms and/or the Service Provider’s terms, to the extent permitted by law:
we will not be liable for any costs you incur as a result, and
you won’t be entitled to any refund.
3. The cost of your Booking, shown in your confirmation email, is the most we, or any Service Provider, will be liable for, whether for one event or a series of events. These liability limitations shall apply to all forms of legal action, whether related to contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or any other legal action.
4. Unless expressly stated herein, Booking.com makes no representations, warranties, or commitments related to Service Providers’ products or services. We accept no liability for ensuring that said products or services are appropriate for the client’s objectives. You alone assume responsibility for this. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Booking.com disclaims all representations and warranties, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Booking.com does not warrant or make any representations that its website will operate error-free or uninterruptedly, that defects will be corrected, or that the website and/or its servers will be free of viruses and/or other harmful components. Booking.com does not warrant or make any representations regarding suitability, availability, accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any material of any kind on the website for any purpose, including software, services, information, text, and related graphics content. You agree that you will make use of the Booking.com website and services at your own risk. You understand and accept that Booking.com is not responsible or liable for any misuse or unauthorized use of its website or services, or for any consequences arising out of such misuse or unauthorized use.
5. Just to be clear, nothing in these Terms will entitle any third party other than the Service Provider to anything.
A19. Arbitration agreement
Please read this arbitration agreement carefully. It may impact your rights. This agreement stipulates that most disputes shall be resolved through binding arbitration instead of through any legal actions. This arbitration agreement shall remain in effect after the termination of the Terms.
Booking.com is committed to customer satisfaction. Booking.com will make its best efforts to resolve all customer concerns or problems related to our services. Customers may pursue a claim against Booking.com, as explained in this arbitration agreement, for any unresolved concern or problem. The arbitration agreement stipulates: (1) the initial process for you to follow in reporting your claim to Booking.com prior to filing any arbitration or lawsuit in accordance with this arbitration agreement; and, if Booking.com is unable to resolve your claim, (2) the recourse available to you in arbitration or, in limited circumstances, in court.
1. Governing Law and Jurisdiction
Booking.com and you agree that this arbitration agreement is evidence of a transaction in interstate commerce and will be interpreted and enforced in accordance with the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law, and not governed by state law. This arbitration agreement, and these Terms, are made under and will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with New York law, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, regardless of conflict of law rules. If New York law cannot be applied to the dispute in the customer’s jurisdiction due to applicable local law, then the laws of the jurisdiction’s country, state, or other place of residence will govern the dispute. Any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth in this section, will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of New York, New York, and you and we consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts. In cases where applicable local law prevents a dispute from being resolved in the New York courts, local courts shall have jurisdiction.
2. Scope
This arbitration agreement is intended to be given the broadest interpretation and application in order to encompass all disputes or Claims (as defined below) that may arise between us. By using this Platform, you agree that any and all Claims (as defined below) arising out of or relating to your use of this Platform, or other services provided by Booking.com or by the support companies in connection with your use of this Platform (including the interpretation and scope of this arbitration agreement and the arbitrability of the dispute), or your relationship with us or any subsidiary, parent or affiliate company or companies (whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal vehicle) unless expressly excluded from arbitration as set forth below (each a “Claim” and collectively “Claims”), will be resolved via mandatory, binding arbitration.
3. Opt Out Procedure
Notwithstanding the above, you may opt out of this binding arbitration agreement within 30 days after this arbitration agreement comes into effect (the “Opt Out Deadline”). This will be the earliest of (a) the date you first used Booking.com’s Platform, (b) the date you first used Booking.com’s services, or (c) the date of your first transaction with Booking.com. You may opt out of the arbitration agreement by sending Booking.com a written notice through the
Dispute Resolution page
with the message: “
Arbitration -- Opt-Out Notice
”.
In order to validly terminate the arbitration agreement, Booking.com must receive your opt out notice using the form available on its Dispute Resolution page, and with the correct message, no later than 3 days after the Opt Out Deadline. You agree that you must pursue any and all Claims in arbitration if Booking.com does not receive an opt-out notice from you, or if Booking.com receives an opt-out notice from you more than 3 days after the Opt Out Deadline.
Nothing in this arbitration agreement shall be interpreted as creating any rights that do not otherwise exist under the law, or as constituting any waiver of any personal jurisdiction defense, nor shall this arbitration agreement give the customer the right to pursue any claim for relief that is not in compliance with the law.
4. Pre-Dispute Resolution
Prior to initiating any dispute or Claim, as discussed further below, you must first give Booking.com an opportunity to resolve any complaints by submitting them in writing through the form available on Booking.com’s
Dispute Resolution page
(the “
Internal Review Procedure
”). Your message through Booking.com’s Dispute Resolution page beginning the Internal Review Procedure must contain the following information: (1) your name, (2) address, (3) the email address used to make the reservation, (4) the reservation number, (5) the date of the reservation, (6) the name of the property reserved, (7) a brief description of the nature of the complaint, and (8) the resolution sought (together, the “
Required Information
”). Additionally, the message must start with “
Request Under Arbitration Agreement
.” If your message does not start with this text, or if it does not contain all of the Required Information (or an explanation of why you are unable to include any of the Required Information), then the Internal Review Procedure shall be without effect, and must be reinitiated before any arbitration or other legal action against Booking.com. This requirement is intended to inform Booking.com that you have a dispute to be resolved. If Booking.com does not resolve the complaint within 60 days of the initiation of the Internal Review Procedure, you shall be entitled to seek relief as stipulated in this arbitration agreement.
5. Arbitration Procedure
Arbitration shall be initiated through and administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”). Should the AAA decline to administer the arbitration or otherwise be unable to administer the arbitration for any reason, you agree that Booking.com shall select an alternative arbitration forum, and that you will agree in writing to administration of the arbitration by the alternative arbitration forum selected by Booking.com.
Booking.com agrees to pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees, other than the initial filing fee to be paid by you, and if your Claim is for less than $1,000, Booking.com shall reimburse you for the filing fee upon written request for reimbursement with documentation of insufficient funds to pay the fee. In the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration would be prohibitive as compared to costs of litigation, Booking.com will pay as much of the customer’s filing fee in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary in order to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation. In all other cases, we will each bear the fees and expenses for our respective attorneys, experts, witnesses, and for preparation and presentation of evidence at the arbitration.
Arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the AAA’s rules, including the
AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules
(as applicable), as modified by this arbitration agreement. If there is a conflict between the AAA’s rules and this arbitration agreement, the terms of this arbitration agreement shall govern. AAA rules and information about arbitration and fees are available online at www.adr.org or by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879.
The arbitration will be conducted by one arbitrator, who will be appointed by the AAA. The customer agrees that the arbitration will be conducted in the English language. For claims under $25,000, the arbitration will not involve any personal appearance by the parties or witnesses but will instead be conducted based solely on written submissions, unless the customer requests an in-person or telephone hearing, or the arbitrator determines that an in-person or telephone appearance is required. Hearings by telephone shall be preferred, unless the arbitrator determines that a party’s right to a fundamentally fair process would be impaired without an in-person hearing. In the case of an in-person hearing, the hearing shall be conducted in a mutually convenient location. Booking.com will ordinarily request that the hearing be held in New York, New York. You may petition the arbitrator to select an alternative location for the hearing. The arbitrator’s selection of a hearing location shall be final and binding. You agree that, in the event of an in-person hearing, any Booking.com B.V. employee or affiliate who is based outside of the United States and who is participating in the hearing, may participate by telephone or video conference, and his or her physical presence shall not be required.
Any arbitration shall be confidential, and neither Party may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by law or for purposes of enforcement of the arbitration award. Judgment on any arbitration award may be entered in any court having proper jurisdiction.
Ordinarily, pre-hearing information exchanges will be limited to the reasonable production of non-privileged documents directly relevant to the dispute. Unless the arbitrator determines that an additional form of information exchange is necessary to provide for a fundamentally fair process, those documents will be limited to your booking and communications directly related to that booking among you, Booking.com, and the accommodation(s) that are the subject of your dispute with Booking.com. Any issues regarding discovery, or the relevance or scope thereof, shall be determined by the arbitrator, and the arbitrator’s determination shall be conclusive.
6. Arbitration Award
The arbitrator will have the power to grant declaratory or injunctive relief, whether interim or final, only in favor of you individually and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by your individual claim without affecting other Booking.com customers, and any provisional measures ordered by the arbitrator may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in these Terms will prevent you from seeking public injunctive relief separately from arbitration in court pursuant to these Terms, and any such application will not be deemed incompatible with the arbitration agreement to arbitrate or as a waiver of the right to arbitrate your individual claims. You and Booking.com agree that any proceedings seeking a remedy of public injunctive relief will proceed after the arbitration of all Claims that can be arbitrated, remedies, or causes of action, and will be stayed pending the outcome of the arbitration pursuant to section 3 of the Federal Arbitration Act.
7. Exceptions to arbitration agreement
You and Booking.com each agree that the following causes of action and/or claims for relief are exceptions to the Claims covered by the arbitration agreement and will be brought in a judicial proceeding in a court of competent jurisdiction (as outlined in this arbitration agreement): (i) any claim or cause of action alleging actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of a party’s copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents, or other intellectual property rights; (ii) any claim or cause of action seeking emergency injunctive relief based on exigent circumstances (e.g., imminent danger or commission of a crime, hacking, cyber-attack); or (iii) a request for the remedy of public injunctive relief, where such remedies are permitted and cannot be waived by applicable law. In addition, to the extent your dispute or Claim qualifies under applicable law, you may elect to proceed in small claims court.
8. Class Action Waiver
In addition to the above, YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDING, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR IN COURT, WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION, EXCEPT FOR ACTIONS FOR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF AS DESCRIBED BELOW AND IN THIS PARAGRAPH. Upon motion of one or more interested parties, and after providing all other interested parties an opportunity to be heard, the arbitrator may, at their discretion, coordinate more than one arbitration proceeding initiated under this arbitration agreement, in order to promote efficiency in discovery and to avoid inconsistent legal rulings. In the interest of clarity, any coordination under the preceding sentence will be limited only to currently-pending arbitrations initiated under this arbitration agreement, and the arbitrator may not preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. All parties will retain the right to request an individualized hearing.
If a court or arbitrator determines, in an action between you and us, that this class action waiver is unenforceable, this arbitration agreement will not apply to you. If you opt out of the arbitration agreement as specified above, this class action waiver will not apply to you. Neither you, nor any other customer, can be a class representative, class member, or otherwise participate in a class, consolidated or representative proceeding without having complied with the opt-out procedure set forth above.
9. Jury Waiver
IF FOR ANY REASON A CLAIM PROCEEDS IN COURT RATHER THAN THROUGH ARBITRATION, YOU AND WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
A20. Linked travel arrangements
1. If:
after selecting and paying for one travel service, you book additional travel services for your trip or vacation during the same visit to the Platform; or
you book additional travel services for your trip or vacation via a link provided to you by us no later than 24 hours after receiving confirmation of your initial Booking with us,
you will NOT benefit from rights applying to packages under the
EU’s Directive (EU) 2015/2302
or the
UK's Package Travel and Linked Travel Arrangements Regulations 2018
(together, the "Package Travel Requirements"). Therefore, we will not be responsible for the proper performance of those travel services. For any issues, contact the relevant Service Provider.
2. In either of these cases, the travel services will become part of a linked travel arrangement and not a package. In that case, Booking.com has, as required by EU and UK law, protection in place to refund your payments to Booking.com for services not performed because of Booking.com's insolvency. This does not provide a refund in the event of the insolvency of the relevant Service Provider.
3. Booking.com has voluntarily extended this insolvency protection to customers outside of the EU and UK who have booked multiple travel services via Booking.com that constitute Linked Travel Arrangements within the meaning of the Package Travel Requirements. This extension only applies to payments received by Booking.com.
4. Booking.com has taken out insolvency protection by way of a bank guarantee with Deutsche Bank administered by Sedgwick International UK for any monies paid directly to Booking.com.
5. Travelers may contact Sedgwick International UK (60 Fenchurch Street, London EC3M 4AD, the United Kingdom, tel. +44 207 530 0600, email: helpline@uk.sedgwick.com) if the services are denied because of Booking.com's insolvency.
6. Note: This insolvency protection does not cover contracts with parties other than Booking.com, which can be performed despite Booking.com's insolvency.
7. See Directive (EU) 2015/2302 as transposed into national law
in the European Union
or
in the United Kingdom
.
B. Accommodations
B1. Scope of this section
B2. Contractual relationship
B3. What we will do
B4. What you need to do
B5. Price and payment
B6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
B7. What else do you need to know?
B1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Accommodations products and services.
B2. Contractual relationship
1. When you make a Booking, it’s directly with the Service Provider. We’re not a “contractual party” to your Booking.
2. Booking.com B.V. owns and operates the Platform.
3. Our Platform only shows Accommodations that have a commercial relationship with us, and it doesn’t necessarily show all their products or services.
4. Information about Service Providers (e.g. facilities, house rules, sustainability measures) and their Travel Experiences (e.g. prices, availability, and cancellation policies) is based on what they provide to us. They’re responsible for making sure it’s accurate and up to date.
B3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Accommodations, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve booked your Accommodation, we will provide you and the Service Provider with details of your Booking, including the names of the guest(s).
3. Depending on the terms of your Booking, we may be able to help you change or cancel it if you want.
B4. What you need to do
1. Fill in all your contact details correctly, so we and/or the Service Provider can provide you with info about your Booking and, if necessary, contact you.
2. Read these Terms and the terms displayed during the booking process carefully.
3. Take care of the Accommodation and its furniture, fixtures, electronics, and other contents, and leave things in the same state they were in when you got there. If anything is broken, damaged, or lost, make sure you report it to the staff there as soon as you can, before you check out.
4. Maintain the security of the Accommodation and its contents during your stay. So, for example, don’t leave doors or windows unlocked.
B5. Price and payment
1. See “Prices” (A6) and “Payment” (A7) above.
B6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. See “Policies” (A8) above.
B7. What else do you need to know?
We Price Match
1. We want you to get the best possible price every time. If, after you've booked your Accommodation with us, you find the same Accommodation (with the same conditions) for less on another website, we promise to refund the difference, subject to the
We Price Match
terms and conditions.
Partner offer
2. Some offers on our Platform are marked as “Partner offers,” which means they come to us through a Booking.com partner company, rather than straight from a Service Provider. Unless otherwise indicated, any Partner offer that you reserve:
Must be paid for at the time of booking
Can't be modified. However, if it offers free cancellation, you’ll be able to cancel it for free, as long as you do so in time.
Can't be combined with any other offers (promotions, incentives, or rewards)
Can't be scored or reviewed on our Platform.
Price incentives by Booking.com
3. Some of the price reductions you see are funded by us, not by the Service Provider. We simply pay some of the cost ourselves.
Damage policy
4. When you’re booking, you may see that some Service Providers refer to a “damage policy.” This means that if anyone in your group loses or damages anything:
you should inform the Service Provider
instead of charging you for it directly, the Service Provider will have 14 days to submit a damage payment request through our Platform, under your reservation number
if they do, we’ll tell you, then you can tell us if you have any comments and whether you agree with the charge – then:
if you agree, we’ll charge you on their behalf
if you disagree, we’ll look into it and decide whether or not to discuss it further*.
5. There’s a limit (displayed while you’re booking) to how much the Service Provider can charge you under the damage policy through our Platform.
6. Any payment you make would be between the Service Provider and you. We’d just be organizing it on the Service Provider’s behalf.
7. The damage policy doesn’t relate to general cleaning, ordinary wear and tear, any crimes (such as theft), or any non-physical “damages” (e.g. fines for smoking or bringing pets).
8. The Service Provider might require a “damage deposit” before or at check-in. If they do, we’ll tell you about it while you’re booking – but it has nothing to do with the “damage policy.” We won’t be involved in any financial settlement related to damage deposits.
* If there’s any damage, the Service Provider can always decide to initiate a (legal) claim against you outside of the damage policy, in which case the limit (see 5 above) wouldn’t apply.
How we work
9. For info on reviews, ranking, how we make money (and more), check out
How We Work
.
C. Attractions
C1. Scope of this section
C2. Contractual relationship
C3. What we will do
C4. What you need to do
C5. Price and payment
C6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
C7. What else do you need to know?
C1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Attractions products and services.
C2. Contractual relationship
1. We do not (re)sell, offer, or provide any Attractions on our own behalf. When you book an Attraction, you enter into a contract directly with (a) the Service Provider or (b) a Third-Party Aggregator (if they’re reselling the Attraction), as disclosed during the booking process.
2. We act solely as the Platform and are not involved in the Third-Party Terms. We are not responsible for your ticket and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) have no liability to you in relation to your Booking.
C3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers and (from time to time) Third-Party Aggregators can promote and sell Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve booked your Attraction, we’ll provide you and the Service Provider with details of the Booking. If the Service Provider needs more than your name, we’ll tell you at the time of booking.
3. Depending on the terms of your Booking, we may be able to help you change or cancel it if you want.
C4. What you need to do
1. You must fill in all your contact details correctly, so we and/or the Service Provider can provide you with information about your Booking and, if necessary, contact you.
2. You must read and agree to comply with our Terms and the Third-Party Terms (which will be displayed at check-out) and acknowledge that breaching them may lead to additional charges and/or the cancellation of your Booking.
C5. Price and payment
1. When you book an Attraction, we’ll organize your payment. For details of how this works (including the related rights and obligations), see “Payment” (A7) above.
C6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. Please see “Policies” (A8) above.
C7. What else do you need to know?
How we work
1. For info on reviews, ranking, how we make money (and more), check out
How We Work
.
D. Car rentals
D1. Scope of this section
D2. Contractual relationship
D3. What we will do
D4. What you need to do
D5. Price and payment
D6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
D7. What else do you need to know?
D1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Car Rental products and services.
D2. Contractual relationship
1. When you book a Rental, your Booking is either (a) with us or (b) directly with the Service Provider. Either way:
our Terms govern the booking process. When we send you your Booking Confirmation, you’ll enter a contract with us
the Rental Agreement governs the Rental itself. When you sign this at the rental counter, you’ll enter a contract with the Service Provider, but you’ll see and accept the key terms of it while you’re booking your car.
2. In most cases, you’ll get your Booking Confirmation as soon as you complete your Booking. However, if the Service Provider doesn't confirm your Rental immediately, we won’t take payment or send you your Booking Confirmation until they’ve done so.
3. If there’s any discrepancy between these Terms and the Rental Agreement, the Rental Agreement will apply.
D3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. We don’t guarantee the precise make and model you’re booking (unless we expressly say so). The phrase “or similar” means you could get a similar car (i.e. the same size, type of transmission, etc.). The car pictures are illustrative only.
3. Once you’ve booked your Rental:
we’ll give the Service Provider the Booking details (e.g. the Main Driver's name and phone number)
we’ll provide you with Pick-up information (e.g. the Service Provider's contact details, and info on what you need to take with you).
D4. What you need to do
1. You must provide all the information we need to arrange your Booking (e.g. contact details, pick-up time, etc.).
2. You must read and agree to comply with these Terms and the Rental Agreement, and acknowledge that if you breach them:
you might have to pay additional charges
your Booking might be canceled
the staff might refuse to hand over the keys at the rental counter.
3. You must check your Rental's specific requirements, as many details (e.g. driver’s license requirements, security deposit size, paperwork needed, payment cards accepted, etc.) vary per Rental. Make sure you carefully read:
these Terms
the key terms of the Rental Agreement, which you'll see while you’re booking, and
the Rental Agreement itself, which you'll receive at Pick-up.
4. You must be at the rental counter by your pick-up time. If you’re late, the car may no longer be available, and you won’t be entitled to a refund. If you think you might be late, contact the Service Provider or us, even if it's because of a flight delay and you’ve provided your flight number.
5. The key terms of your Rental tell you what the Main Driver needs at pick-up. You must ensure that when they get to the rental counter, they bring everything they need (e.g. driver’s license, required ID, and a credit card in their own name, with enough available funds to cover the security deposit).
6. You must make sure the Main Driver is both eligible and fit (in the Service Provider’s opinion) to drive the car.
7. You must have all the documents (e.g. ID, driver’s license) that you need at pick-up.
8. You must show the counter staff each driver's full, valid driver’s license, which they must have held for at least 1 year (or longer, in many cases). If any driver has endorsements/points on their license, let us know as soon as possible, as the Service Provider may not allow them to drive.
9. You must ensure that any driver with a driver’s license issued in England, Scotland, or Wales obtains a
license “check code”
no more than 21 days before Pick-up.
10. You must ensure that every driver has their own International Driving Permit (if they need one) as well as their driver’s license. All drivers must carry their driver’s license (and International Driving Permit, if necessary) at all times.
11. You must ensure that every child has an appropriate child seat if they need one.
12. If anything goes wrong during your Rental (e.g. accident, breakdown, etc.), you must:
contact the Service Provider
not authorize any repairs without the Service Provider's consent
keep all documentation (e.g. repair bills, police reports, etc.) to share with us/the Service Provider/an insurance company.
D5. Price and payment
1. Booking.com Transport Limited is the merchant of record for your Booking. For details of our payment process, see “Payment” (A7) above.
Additional costs and fees
2. In many cases, the Service Provider will charge a young driver fee for each driver under a certain age (e.g. 25). In some cases, they may charge a senior driver fee for each driver over a certain age (e.g. 65). When booking on our Platform, you must enter the Main Driver's age, so we can show you details of any age-related fee(s), which you would pay at pick-up.
3. In many cases, the Service Provider will charge a one-way fee if you drop the car off at a different location. If you intend to do this, you need to enter the drop-off location while booking, so we can tell you if it’s possible, and show you details of any one-way fee, which you would pay at Pick-up.
4. In many cases, the Service Provider will charge a cross-border fee for taking the car to a different country/state/island. If you intend to do this, tell us and/or the Service Provider as soon as you can before pick-up.
5. The price of your Rental is calculated based on 24-hour units, for example, a 25-hour rental will cost as much as a 48-hour rental.
6. If after pick-up you decide you want to keep the car longer, contact the Service Provider. They'll tell you how much this would cost, and you'll enter a new contract with them directly. If you drop the car off late without agreeing this in advance, they may charge an additional fee as well.
Extras
7. In some cases, you'll pay for any optional extras (e.g. child seats, GPS, winter tires, etc.) when you book your car, in which case you're guaranteed to get them at pick-up.
8. In other cases, you'll simply request any extras when you book your car, in which case:
you'll pay for them at Pick-up, and
the Service Provider doesn't guarantee they'll be available for you.
D6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. We go above and beyond our legal obligations. Even though local laws don’t require us to offer specific cancellation rights, we guarantee that we will honor our refunds policy if you cancel your Booking.
2. The following “Cancellation and Amendments” terms apply to all Bookings apart from:
Bookings with Dollar or Thrifty that were booked before January 26, 2021 (check your rental terms)
Bookings that are labeled “non-refundable” (you cannot amend a non-refundable Booking, and won’t receive a refund if you cancel it).
Cancellations
3. If you cancel:
MORE THAN 48 hours before your rental is due to start, you’ll receive a full refund.
LESS THAN 48 hours before or while you’re at the rental counter, we’ll refund what you paid minus the cost of 3 days of your rental. There won’t be any refund if your car was booked for 3 days or less.
AFTER your rental is due to start (or if you no-show), you’ll receive no refund.
4. The counter staff may refuse you the car if (for example):
You don’t arrive on time
You are not eligible to rent the car
You don’t have the documentation you need
The main driver doesn’t have a credit card in their own name, with enough available funds for the car’s security deposit.
If that happens, call us from the rental counter to cancel your Booking, and you’ll receive a refund, minus the cost of 3 days of your rental. Otherwise you won’t be entitled to a refund.
Amendments (changes to your Booking)
5. You can make changes to your Booking anytime before you’re due to pick the car up.
6. In most cases, the easiest way to do this is via our app or our website (under “Manage Booking”).
7. There is no administration fee for changing your Booking, but any changes you make may affect the rental price. Sometimes the only way we can change a Booking is to cancel it and make another one, in which case we may charge you a cancellation fee on the rental company’s behalf.
8. If changing your Booking would change the price or incur a cancellation fee, we will tell you in advance.
Changes made by us
9. If we/the Service Provider need to change your Booking (e.g. if the Service Provider can’t provide the car), we’ll tell you as soon as we can. If you don't accept that change, you’ll be entitled to cancel and claim a full refund (no matter how close the start of your Rental is) but we won’t have any additional liability for any direct or indirect costs you may incur (e.g. hotel room, taxis).
D7. What else do you need to know?
General
1. In all cases, drivers must be at least a minimum age to rent or drive a car. In some cases, they must also be below a maximum age. The limit(s) can vary by Service Provider, location, and type of car.
2. Only eligible drivers whose names appear on the Rental Agreement may drive the car.
3. You must not take the car to a different country/state/island and/or drop it off at a different location without arranging this in advance.
Late pick-up and early drop-off
4. If you pick your car up later (see D4.4 above) or drop it off earlier than agreed in your Booking Confirmation, the Service Provider will not refund you for the “unused” time.
How we work
5. For info on reviews, ranking, how we make money (and more), check out
How We Work
.
E. Flights
E1. Scope of this section
E2. Contractual relationship
E3. What we will do
E4. What you need to do
E5. Price and payment
E6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
E7. What else do you need to know?
E1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Flights products and services.
E2. Contractual relationship
1. Most Flights on our Platform are provided via a Third-Party Aggregator, which acts as an intermediary to the airline(s).
2. When you make a Booking, it’s directly with the airline. We’re not a “contractual party” to your Booking. When booking, you enter into (i) an Intermediation Contract with the Third-Party Aggregator (for the ticket) and (ii) a Contract of Carriage with the airline (for the Flight itself).
3. If you book any extras (e.g. additional baggage, insurance, etc.), you’ll enter into a direct contract with the Third-Party Aggregator or another company. We will not be involved in this contract.
4. We act solely as the Platform and are not involved in the Third-Party Terms. We are not responsible for your ticket or any extras you may buy and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) have no liability to you in relation to your Booking.
E3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve booked your Flight, your Booking details (e.g. the names of the traveler(s)) will be provided to the Service Provider.
3. Depending on the Contract of Carriage, we may be able to help you change or cancel your Booking if you want to do so.
E4. What you need to do
1. You must fill in all your contact details correctly, so we and/or the Service Provider can provide you with information about your Booking and, if necessary, contact you.
2. You must read and agree to comply with our Terms and the Third-Party Terms (which will be displayed at check-out) and acknowledge that breaching them may lead to additional charges and/or the cancellation of your Booking.
E5. Price and payment
1. When you book a Flight, your payment will be organized by us, by the Third-Party Aggregator (or a party specified by them), or by a third party such as an airline. For details of how we organize payments (including the related rights and obligations), see “Payment” (A7) above.
E6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
1. You’ll find the cancellation policy in the Contract of Carriage, which is available while you’re booking your Flight.
2. There may be a fee for changing or canceling your Flight.
3. Airlines reserve the right to reschedule or cancel flights at their discretion.
4. Different tickets from the same airline may have different restrictions or include different services.
5. If you have any questions about changes, cancellations, or refunds, contact our
Customer Service team
.
E7. What else do you need to know?
Code share
1. Some airlines have “code share” agreements with other airlines. So you may buy your ticket from one airline (your “ticketing carrier”) but fly in a plane that’s owned by another airline (your “operating carrier”). In most cases like this, you’ll check in with your operating carrier, but confirm this with your ticketing carrier ahead of time.
2. While you’re booking your Flight, you’ll be informed if it’s a “code share” Flight.
Airline prohibited practices
3. Most airlines don’t allow people to buy tickets that include flights they don’t intend to use, for example, a round-trip ticket if the person doesn’t intend to use the return flight. For more examples, just enter “point-beyond ticketing,” “hidden-city ticketing,” or “back-to-back ticketing” into a search engine.
4. When you purchase a Flight, you agree not to do this, and to indemnify us against airline claims for any difference between the cost of your actual journey and the cost of the full journey specified on your ticket(s).
U.S. NOTICE - OVERBOOKING OF FLIGHTS:
Airline flights may be overbooked, and there is a slight chance that a seat will not be available on a flight for which a person has a confirmed reservation. If the flight is overbooked, no one will be denied a seat until airline personnel first ask for volunteers willing to give up their reservation in exchange for compensation of the airline's choosing. If there are not enough volunteers, the airline will deny boarding to other persons in accordance with its particular boarding priority. With few exceptions, including failure to comply with the carrier's check-in deadline, persons denied boarding involuntarily are entitled to compensation. The complete rules for the payment of compensation and each airline's boarding priorities are available at all airport ticket counters and boarding locations. Some airlines do not apply these consumer protections to travel from some foreign countries, although other consumer protections may be available. Check with your airline or your travel agent.
Use of flight segments
5. Most airlines require customers to use their flights in order. If you don’t take your first Flight, your airline may automatically cancel the rest of your itinerary.
6. If your airline does allow you to “skip” any Flights in your itinerary, make sure you cancel the Flight(s) you don’t want, in line with the cancellation policy. You may not be entitled to a full refund (or any refund) for these unused Flights.
One-way tickets
7. If you buy two one-way tickets rather than a single round-trip ticket:
you’ll be making two separate Bookings, each with its own rules and policies
any changes to one Flight will not affect the other, for example, if your initial Flight is canceled, you won’t be guaranteed a refund for your second Flight.
8. If you’re traveling abroad, you may need to prove to the check-in and/or immigration staff that you have a return Flight (see “International travel” below for more on passports, visas, etc.).
Charges, taxes, and fees
9. Your fare will include any taxes and fees charged by an airline or government (except entry/exit fees – see “Entry/Exit fees” below). You may be responsible for dealing with any retroactive change in the tax rate.
Service fees
10. Depending on which Flight you choose, you may be charged a service fee by us and/or the Third-Party Aggregator.
Our service fee (if any) is a fee for using our Platform so you can buy a ticket from a Third-Party Aggregator. This fee includes any applicable VAT, GST, or similar taxes.
The Third-Party Aggregator’s service fee (if any) is a fee for using them as an intermediary to the airline(s). This fee may include any applicable VAT, GST, or similar taxes.
11. The price of your ticket will include any service fee(s).
Fees for baggage and other extras
12. Your airline may charge for checked baggage, excess/overweight baggage, priority boarding, allocated seating, onboard entertainment, food and drink, and/or airport check-in.
13. If they do, the charge(s) will be on top of the price of your ticket (unless it’s expressly stated that your Flight includes the extra(s)).
SPECIAL BAGGAGE LIABILITY LIMITATIONS FOR U.S. TRAVEL: For domestic travel completely within the U.S., federal rules require any limit on a carrier’s baggage liability to be at least US $3,800 per passenger, or the amount currently mandated by 14 CFR 254.5.
Boarding Requirements
You must comply with all applicable airline boarding requirements, which include check-in times and gate arrival times. You must arrive at the airport with enough time to complete all boarding requirements.
Failure to comply with boarding requirements may result in the airline canceling your itinerary.
International travel
14. It’s your responsibility to:
carry a valid passport and/or visa if required
comply with any entry requirements
find out if you need a visa to pass through a country that isn’t your final destination
check with the relevant embassy in advance to see if there’s been any change in passport, visa, or entry requirements
review any warnings or advice from your country of residence/origin before you go to/through a country or region.
15. By arranging travel to or from any location, we are not guaranteeing that it is without risk and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any resulting damages or losses.
16. It’s not a common practice, but international law allows “disinfection” of aircrafts to kill insects. To do this, personnel might spray the aircraft’s cabin with an aerosol insecticide while passengers are on board, or treat its interior surfaces with a residual insecticide while they’re not on board. Before you travel, we advise you to find out about disinfection, including where it might happen.
Advice to International Passengers on Limitations of Liability:
Passengers traveling to a final destination or a stop in a country other than the country of departure are advised that the provisions of an international treaty (the Warsaw Convention, the 1999 Montreal Convention, or other treaty), as well as a carrier's own contract of carriage or tariff provisions, may be applicable to their entire journey, including any portion entirely within the countries of departure and destination. The applicable treaty governs, and may limit, the liability of carriers to passengers for death or personal injury, destruction or loss of, or damage to, baggage, and for delay of passengers and baggage.
Additional protection can usually be obtained by purchasing insurance from a private company. Such insurance is not affected by any limitation of the carrier's liability under an international treaty. For further information, consult your airline or insurance company representative.
Dangerous Goods/Hazardous Materials
U.S. Federal law forbids transporting hazardous materials aboard aircraft, whether in your luggage or on your person. A violation can result in five years' imprisonment and penalties of $250,000 or more (49 U.S.C. 5124). Hazardous materials include explosives, compressed gases, flammable liquids and solids, oxidizers, poisons, corrosives, and radioactive materials. Examples: Paints, lighter fluid, fireworks, tear gases, bottled oxygen, and radio-pharmaceuticals. Lithium batteries are not allowed in checked luggage. There are special exceptions for small quantities (up to 70 ounces total) of medicines and toiletries carried in your luggage, and for certain smoking materials carried on your person. For further information contact your airline or see
https://www.faa.gov/hazmat/packsafe/
.
Entry/Exit fees
17. Fees charged by countries or airports to persons entering/leaving the country are not covered by your fare. Before you travel, we advise you to find out if you’ll have to pay this kind of fee.
UK: Your financial protection
18.
ATOL Holder:
Booking.com B.V.
19.
ATOL License Number:
11967
20. Within the UK, we provide full financial protection for our ATOL-protected-flight-only sales by way of our Air Travel Organizer's License number 11967, issued by the Civil Aviation Authority, Aviation House, Beehive Ringroad, West Sussex, RH6 0YR, UK, telephone +44 (0)333 103 6350, email claims@caa.co.uk.
21. When you buy an ATOL-protected flight from us, you will receive an ATOL Certificate. This lists what is financially protected, where you can get information on what this means for you and who to contact if things go wrong.
22. We, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL Certificate, will provide you with the services listed on the ATOL Certificate (or a suitable alternative). In some cases, where neither we nor the supplier are able to do so for reasons of insolvency, an alternative ATOL holder may provide you with the services you have bought or a suitable alternative (at no extra cost to you). You agree to accept that in those circumstances, the alternative ATOL holder will perform those obligations and you agree to pay any money outstanding to be paid by you under your contract to that alternative ATOL holder. However, you also agree that in some cases, it will not be possible to appoint an alternative ATOL holder, in which case you will be entitled to make a claim under the ATOL scheme (or your credit card issuer where applicable).
23. If we, or the suppliers identified on your ATOL certificate, are unable to provide the services listed (or a suitable alternative, through an alternative ATOL holder or otherwise) for reasons of insolvency, the Trustees of the Air Travel Trust may make a payment to (or confer a benefit on) you under the ATOL scheme. You agree that in return for such a payment or benefit, you assign absolutely to those Trustees any claims which you have or may have arising out of or relating to the non-provision of the services, including any claim against us, the travel agent (or your credit card issuer where applicable). You also agree that any such claims may be reassigned to another body, if that other body has paid sums you have claimed under the ATOL scheme.
EU: Passengers' rights under EU Regulation 261/2004
24. If your flight is delayed or canceled or you’re denied boarding, you may be entitled to compensation/assistance under
EU Regulation 261/2004
if:
You’re flying into the European Union (EU)
You’re flying out of the EU
Your Flight is provided by an EU airline
EU: Airline carrier liability under EU Regulation 889/2002
25. If there’s an accident that happens within the EU,
EU Regulation 889/2002
might apply to you.
EU: Rights of disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility when traveling by air under EU Regulation 1107/2006
26.
EU Regulation 1107/2006
provides for certain rights for people who are disabled or have reduced mobility.
How we work
27. For info on reviews, ranking, how we make money (and more), check out
How We Work
.
F. Private and public transportation
F1. Scope of this section
F2. Contractual relationship
F3. What we will do
F4. What you need to do
F5. Price and payment
F6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
F7. What else do you need to know?
F1. Scope of this section
1. This section contains the specific terms for Private and Public Transportation products and services.
F2. Contractual relationship
1. When you pre-book Private or Public Transportation, your Booking will be directly with the Service Provider. When you book an On-Demand Private Transportation, your Booking will be with the Third-Party Aggregator. In all cases, our Terms will govern the booking process.
2.
Pre-Booked Private Transportation.
You and the Service Provider both agree to comply with these Terms.
3.
Public Transportation and On-Demand Private Transportation.
You’ll be provided with the Service Provider’s terms during the booking process. If there is any discrepancy between their terms and our Terms, their terms will apply.
4. On-Demand Private Transportation. By making a Booking, you are confirming that you:
have read and accept the Service Provider's terms
agree to contact the Service Provider directly about anything that goes wrong
understand that the Service Provider is responsible for arranging and providing your Private Transportation, choosing routes, setting prices, and providing all relevant information
accept that we just provide a booking platform (i.e. an API service), and will not be liable for any loss you suffer because of anything the driver/Service Provider does or does not do.
Not all Service Providers have their own terms, but you’re welcome to check out
all the terms that we’ve been provided with
.
F3. What we will do
1. We provide the Platform on which Service Providers can promote and sell their Travel Experiences, and you can search for, compare, and book them.
2. Once you’ve made your Booking, we’ll give the Service Provider your details (e.g. your name, phone number, and pick-up location).
3.
All Private Transportation.
We’ll give you the Service Provider's contact details.
4.
Pre-Booked Private Transportation.
We’ll make sure the Service Provider knows what size vehicle you’ve requested.
5.
Public Transportation.
We’ll give you (or tell you how to collect) your ticket(s).
F4. What you need to do
1. You must check the details of your Booking carefully, and provide all the information we need to arrange your Booking (your requirements, contact details, etc.).
2. You must make sure everyone in your group complies with our Terms and (where applicable) the Service Provider’s terms, which you saw and accepted during the booking process. You acknowledge that if you breach them:
you might have to pay additional charges
your Booking might be canceled
your driver may refuse to transport you.
3. Bear in mind that estimated journey times don’t take traffic conditions into account.
4.
All Private Transportation.
You must make sure all passengers are at the pick-up location on time.
5.
All Private Transportation.
At and around your pick-up time, you must have the phone (whose number you entered when booking) turned on and able to receive calls/texts, in case the driver needs to contact you. We can't guarantee they’ll be able to reach you through messaging applications such as WhatsApp or Viber.
6.
Pre-Booked Private Transportation.
For any airport pick-up, you must give us your flight details at least 24 hours before your pick-up time, so your Service Provider can adjust it if your flight is delayed. If they can’t provide Private Transportation following a flight delay or cancellation, contact our Customer Service team.
7.
Public Transportation.
You must make sure all passengers arrive on time, leaving enough time to collect tickets if necessary.
8. You must be 18 or older to make a Booking, and any passenger under 18 must be accompanied by a responsible adult.
9. You must make sure no passenger behaves inappropriately (e.g. being abusive or doing anything that might endanger someone).
10. You must make sure you choose Public/Private Transportation that’s suitable (in terms of party size, amount of luggage, accessibility requirements, etc.).
F5. Price and payment
1. Booking.com Transport Limited is the merchant of record for your Booking. For details of our payment process, see “Payment” (A7) above.
2.
Pre-Booked Private Transportation.
Price includes any tolls, traffic charges, taxes, and peak surcharges. Payment is taken at the time of booking.
3.
On-Demand Private Transportation.
Price will be confirmed (and payment taken) when your driver drops you off. The price might be different from the price estimated when you booked. You are responsible for any tolls, traffic charges, taxes, peak surcharges, and tips.
4.
Public Transportation.
Payment is taken when your Booking is confirmed. Before departure, the Service Provider may need to see your ticket(s)/e-ticket(s). Keep it/them with you at all times, or you might have to pay again.
5. The Service Provider/driver doesn’t have to agree to any changes to the Journey that you request in person. If they do, they may charge extra.
F6. Amendments, cancellations, and refunds
Cancellation
1. In most cases...
Pre-Booked Private Transportation.
You can cancel for free up to 24 hours before your pick-up time (2 hours in some cases – see your confirmation). If you don't cancel on time, you won't be entitled to a refund.
On-Demand Private Transportation.
You can cancel anytime before your pick-up time, but the Service Provider may charge you a cancellation fee.
Public Transportation.
You probably won’t be entitled to a refund once your Booking is confirmed. If your plans change, contact our Customer Service team to discuss any options that might be available.
2. If your Service Provider has a different cancellation policy (which you’ll see while booking), their policy will apply instead.
3. We and/or the Service Provider may cancel the Booking with little or no notice, but this would only happen in very specific situations. For example, if:
the Service Provider becomes insolvent or is genuinely unable to honor your Booking, in which case we'll do our best to arrange alternative transport (and we'll refund you in full if we can't)
you breach these Terms and/or the Service Provider's terms, in which case you won't be entitled to any refund.
Amendments (changes) before your Journey begins
4.
Pre-Booked Private Transportation.
Your confirmation email will tell you how much notice you need to give (ahead of your pick-up time) to request any changes to your Booking (such as location or time).
5.
On-Demand Private Transportation.
To change your Booking, you may need to cancel it (which might incur a cancellation fee) and make a new one.
6.
Public Transportation.
You can’t change your Booking once it's confirmed.
7. If we/the Service Provider need to change your Booking (e.g. a strike that interferes with your journey), we’ll tell you as soon as we can. If you then decide to cancel:
Any Transport.
Unless you cancel for one of the reasons in the next bullet, you’ll be entitled to a full refund (no matter how close your journey is).
Any Private Transportation.
If the change is simply a new driver, a new Service Provider, or a new (similar) vehicle, you won’t be entitled to a refund (unless you’re canceling with enough notice).
Either way, neither we nor the Service Provider will be liable for any costs you may incur (e.g. alternative transport, hotel rooms).
Refunds
8. If you want to apply for a refund, you must do so in writing no more than 14 days after your pick-up time.
9. Any refund may take up to 5 business days to arrive in your account.
10.
All Private Transportation.
If your driver isn’t at the pick-up location on time, you can apply for a refund, and we’ll investigate this for you.
11.
All Private Transportation.
You won't be entitled to a refund if your ride doesn't go ahead as planned because:
the driver/Service Provider can't contact you
one or more passengers isn't at the pick-up location on time, and you haven't requested a new pick-up time
you request unreasonable changes to the pick-up time or Journey
you don’t tell us/the Service Provider/the driver about a change you want to make
you’d provided incorrect details when booking your Private Transportation (e.g. pick-up location, contact details, number of people, amount of luggage, etc.)
of something that one or more passengers did/didn’t do.
F7. What else do you need to know?
Pre-Booked Private Transportation
1. Check your confirmation email to see how long the driver will wait at the pick-up location.
On-Demand Private Transportation
2. The driver may not wait beyond the pick-up time, If they do, they may charge you for the time spent waiting. If you aren’t at the pick-up location on time, you may be charged a cancellation fee.
Repair or cleaning charges
3. If anything needs to be repaired or cleaned because someone in your group has done something unreasonable or is in breach of these terms, you’ll be responsible for the cost of repairs/cleaning.
How we work
4. For info on reviews, ranking, how we make money (and more), check out
How We Work
.
G. Cruises
We do not (re)sell, offer, or provide any cruises on our own behalf. Booking.com Cruises are offered and sold by World Travel Holdings, Inc. (“WTH”). When you call Booking.com Cruises or visit https://cruises.booking.com, you’re interacting directly with WTH. When you book a cruise, you’re entering into a contract with WTH and are subject to WTH’s Terms and Conditions. Booking.com is not responsible for your cruise and (to the fullest extent permitted by law) has no liability to you in relation to your booking.
Booking.com dictionary
“Account” means an account (with Booking.com or a Group Company), through which you can book Travel Experiences on our Platform.
“Accommodation” means the provision of an accommodation service by a Service Provider (throughout Section B, “Service Provider” means the provider of the accommodation service).
“Attraction” means the provision of an Attraction service by a Service Provider (throughout Section C, “Service Provider” means the provider of the Attraction service).
“Attraction service(s)” includes, but is not limited to, tours, museums, attractions, activities, and experiences.
“Booking” means the booking of a Travel Experience on our Platform, whether you pay for it now or later.
“Booking.com,” “us,” “we,” or “our” means Booking.com B.V. (for accommodation, flights, or attractions) or Booking.com Transport Limited (for any ground transport service).
Corporate contact
“Booking Confirmation” (in the “Car rentals” section) means the confirmation email and coupon we send you, explaining the details of your Booking.
“Cash Credits” means a benefit with a monetary value that you can “cash out” to the Payment Method that we have on file for you, or put toward the cost of a future Travel Experience.
“Contract of Carriage” means the contract between you and the Service Provider, which deals with your Flight.
“Credits” means a benefit with a monetary value. There are “Cash Credits” and “Travel Credits.”
“Credit Card Cashback” means a benefit with a monetary value that can be cashed out to the credit card that we have on file for you, but can’t be put toward the cost of a future Travel Experience.
“Currency Conversion Rate” means the rate that we use to convert currency; this is currently the WM/Refinitiv Closing Spot Rate, but this may change.
“Eligible Booking” means a Booking that meets the criteria to qualify for a Reward.
“Flight” means the provision of a flight by a Service Provider (throughout Section E, “Service Provider” means the airline).
“Group Company” means an affiliate of Booking.com – either a direct shareholding of Booking.com or part of the Booking Holdings Inc. group.
“Individual Reward Criteria” means rules that apply to certain Rewards in addition to the general “Rewards, Credits, & Wallet” terms (A13) above.
“Intermediation Contract” (in the “Flights” section) means the contract between you and the Third-Party Aggregator, which deals with the way they arrange your Flight ticket (and, in some cases, any extras) with the airline or another company.
“Main Driver” means the driver whose details were entered during the booking process, the only person who can change or cancel that Booking, or discuss it with us (unless they tell us they nominate someone else to do this).
“On-Demand Private Transportation” means a private vehicle that you request when you arrive at the pick-up location (or just before).
“Our Services” (in the “Car rentals” section) means our online car rental reservation system, through which Service Providers can offer their products and services, and you can book them.
“Pay In Your Own Currency” means the payment option that we sometimes offer when a Service Provider doesn’t use your currency. This option lets you pay in your currency instead.
“Payment Method” means the method (e.g. credit card, debit card, bank account, PayPal, ApplePay, etc.) used to make a payment or transfer money.
“Pick-up” (in the “Car rentals” section) means the process at the start of your Rental, when you provide the required ID and other documentation, pay for any fees and additional extras, enter into the Rental Agreement, and collect your car.
“Pick-up Time” (in the “Car rentals” section) means the (local) date and time you’re due to pick up your car, as stated in your Booking Confirmation.
“Pick-up Time” (in the “Private and Public Transportation” section) means the (local) time when a Pre-Booked Private Transportation is due to reach the pick-up location, or when an On-Demand Private Transportation actually reaches the pick-up location.
“Platform” means the website/app on which you can book Travel Experiences, whether owned or managed by Booking.com or by a third-party affiliate.
“Pre-Booked Private Transportation” means a private vehicle that you request at least 2 hours before you arrive at the pick-up location.
“Private Transportation Journey” means the private transportation journey as set out in the Booking (including any changes after the Booking was made).
“Public Transportation” means trains, buses, trams, and other types of public transportation.
“Public Transportation Journey” means the public transportation journey as set out in the Booking (including any changes after the Booking was made).
“Rental” (or “Car Rental”) means the provision of a car by a Service Provider (throughout Section D, “Service Provider” means the rental company that provides the car).
“Rental Agreement” means the contract between you and the Service Provider, which you sign at pick-up. You’ll be provided with a summary of the key terms during the booking process.
“Rewards” means a benefit that you are promised. In most cases, Rewards will be Travel Credits, Cash Credits, a Credit Card Cashback, or a coupon for an item of some kind.
“Service Provider” means the provider of a travel-related product or service on the Platform, including but not limited to the owner of a hotel or other property (for an “accommodation” Booking), a museum or park (for an “attraction” Booking), or a car rental company or airline (for a “transport” Booking).
“Services” (in the “Private and Public Transportation” section) means the provision of a Public Transportation Journey or Private Transportation Journey.
“Terms” means these terms of service.
“Third-Party Aggregator” means a company that acts as either (a) an intermediary between you and the Service Provider or (b) a reseller of the Travel Experience.
“Third-Party Terms” (in the “Flights” section) means both the Intermediation Contract and the Contract of Carriage.
“Travel Credits” means a benefit with a monetary value that you can put toward the cost of a future Travel Experience, but can’t “cash out.”
“Travel Experience” means one of the travel-related products or services on the Platform.
“Upfront Payment” means a payment that you make when you book a product or service, rather than when you actually use it.
“Wallet” means a dashboard in your Account that shows your Rewards, Credits, and other incentives.
DATE: November 17, 2023
List your property
Mobile version
Your account
Make changes online to your booking
Customer Service Help
Become an affiliate
Booking.com for Business
Countries
Regions
Cities
Districts
Airports
Hotels
Places of interest
Homes
Apartments
Resorts
Villas
Hostels
B&Bs
Guest Houses
Unique places to stay
Reviews
Discover monthly stays
Travel articles
Seasonal and holiday deals
Traveller Review Awards
Car rental
Flight finder
Restaurant reservations
Booking.com for Travel Agents
About Booking.com
Customer Service Help
Partner help
Careers
Sustainability
Press Center
Safety Resource Center
Investor relations
Terms of Service
Partner dispute
How We Work
Privacy Notice
Modern Slavery Statement
Human Rights Statement
Corporate contact
Content guidelines and reporting
Extranet Log-in
Copyright © 1996–2025
Booking.com™. All rights reserved.
Booking.com is part of Booking Holdings Inc., the world leader in online travel and related services.
Start of dialog content
Verified reviews from real guests.
We have more than 70 million property reviews, all from
real, verified guests
.
How does it work?
1
It starts with a booking
It starts with a booking
The only way to leave a review is to first make a booking. That's how we know our reviews come from real guests who have stayed at the property.
2
Followed by a trip
Followed by a trip
When guests stay at the property, they check out how quiet the room is, how friendly the staff is, and more.
3
And finally, a review
And finally, a review
After their trip, guests tell us about their stay. We check for naughty words and verify the authenticity of all guest reviews before adding them to our site.
If you booked through us and want to leave a review, please sign in first.
Sign in and leave a review
End of dialog content
«
»
Su
Mo
Tu
We
Th
Fr
Sa
Close calendar
Sign in to continue
Sign in to your account
or use one of these options
Don't have an account yet?
Create your account