Privacy @ Oracle | Oracle
Skip to content
Accessibility Policy
Close Search
Search Oracle.com
QUICK LINKS
Oracle Cloud Infrastructure
Oracle Fusion Cloud Applications
Oracle AI Database
Download Java
Careers at Oracle
Search
Country
View Accounts
Back
Cloud Account
Sign in to Cloud
Sign Up for Free Cloud Tier
Oracle Account
Sign-In
Create an Account
Help
Sign Out
Contact Sales
Menu
Menu
Privacy @ Oracle
Oracle respects your preferences concerning the collection and use of your Personal Information. The following Oracle privacy policies are tailored for the different ways your Personal Information may be collected, used, shared and processed by different Oracle lines of business:
The
Oracle General Privacy Policy
addresses information we collect in connection with your use of Oracle websites, mobile applications, and social media pages that link to the General Privacy Policy, your interactions with Oracle during in-person meetings at Oracle facilities or at Oracle events, and in the context of other online or offline sales and marketing activities.
The
Oracle Services Privacy Policy
describes our privacy and security practices that apply when handling (i) services personal information in order to perform Consulting, Technical Support, Cloud and other services on behalf of Oracle customers; and (ii) personal information contained in systems operation data generated by the interaction of (end-)users of these services with Oracle systems and networks.
The
Oracle Recruiting Privacy Policy
addresses information we may collect in connection with Oracle’s online and offline recruiting efforts.
The
Oracle Facilities and Physical Security Privacy Policy
addresses the processing of personal information by Oracle through the use of Facial Recognition technology as part of our safety and security measures in select Oracle campuses and facilities in the United States.
The
Customer Data Research and Development Privacy Policy
describes Oracle’s processing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s artificial intelligence and machine learning activities in order to analyze, develop, and improve Oracle products and services, and for security and compliance purposes.
The
Oracle Life Sciences Healthcare Research Privacy Policy
addresses the processing of  personal information by Oracle Life Sciences to facilitate Oracle health research activities.
The
Oracle Restaurants eStore Privacy Policy
describes Oracle’s processing of personal information in connection with Oracle’s provision of the Oracle Restaurants eStore Products and Services.
The
Dyn Internet Performance Tools Privacy Policy
provides information on the collection, use, sharing and processing of personal information by Oracle in connection with Dyn’s Recursive DNS service, Updater Client, Gauge web browser extension, and RUM beacons.
The
Oracle Advertising Privacy Policy
has been decommissioned. Oracle no longer provides Oracle Advertising services and solutions as of September 30, 2024. The Oracle Advertising opt out tool is no longer available because Oracle does not obtain, use, or disclose personal information for Oracle Advertising services.
Pursuant to the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and other applicable laws and regulations, individuals may have data subject rights enabling them to request to access, delete, correct, remove or limit the use, or receive a copy of their personal information in Oracle’s possession or for which Oracle is otherwise responsible. If you would like to exercise your rights, please refer to the applicable privacy policy above or visit the
Privacy Choices
tab for more information.
Oracle participates in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. Please visit the
Data Privacy Framework website
under “Oracle America Inc.” and “Cerner Corporation” or the
Oracle Services Privacy Policy
or
Cerner Data Privacy Framework Program Policy
for more information.