Ownership, Liability and Use | University of Oxford
Skip to main content
Share This
Tweet
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit
Home
Ownership, Liability and Use
Unless otherwise indicated, this Website and its contents are the property of The University of Oxford, whose administrative offices are at Wellington Square, Oxford OX1 2JD ("the University"). The copyright in the material contained on this Website belongs to the University or its licensors. The trademarks appearing on this Website are protected by the laws of England and by international trademark laws.
The information placed on this Website by the University ("University Information") has been prepared solely for the purpose of providing selected information about the University, its subsidiary companies and organisations with which it is associated; and about the respective services which they offer.
The University does not make any warranty that information contained on this Website, or on any site linked to this Website, is complete, accurate or up-to-date; and the University is not responsible for the results of reliance on any such information.
The University does not make any warranty that use of the Website will be uninterrupted, virus-free or error-free; or that use of the Website will not affect other software or operating systems used to access the Website. Any warranties provided under the general law are expressly excluded to the fullest extent possible. In particular, the University does not warrant that use of the Website will not infringe the rights of any other person or organisation; nor that the Website is of reasonable quality or fit for any particular purpose, even if the University has received notice of an intention to use the Website for that purpose.
Unless they are contained in University Information, or unless expressly stated otherwise, opinions given on this Website are those of the individuals making them, and not those of the University: the University is not responsible for such opinions or any claims resulting from them.
To the extent permitted in law, the University accepts no liability for any loss or damage which may be suffered by other parties as a direct or indirect result of using this Website (including loss of profit, loss of opportunity, loss of business, and consequential loss).
Persons submitting material other than University Information to this Website are solely responsible for the material and for any claims relating to its content, whether made against the University or otherwise. Whilst the University does not exercise editorial control over any content posted to the Website by users, the University reserves the right at its sole discretion to remove any content which it has been notified is objectionable, whether or not the objection is substantiated, and otherwise to review, edit or delete any comments posted by users which it deems defamatory, unlawful, threatening or otherwise objectionable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and to the extent permitted in law, the University accepts no responsibility or liability for any material communicated by third parties via the Website.
Subject to the above, those gaining access to this Website are authorised to make use of the Website (and of any chatrooms and interactive facilities which are available through it) for any lawful purposes. The following is a non-exclusive list of uses which are expressly prohibited:
a.
using the Website to commit or encourage unlawful acts, including unlawful copying of copyright material;
b.
misrepresenting the user's identity or authority;
c.
distributing any type of virus or other device intended to cause nuisance, loss or corruption of any information on the Website or accessed through it, or of any systems used to operate the Website or any systems accessed through it;
d.
tampering with communications which are not the user's, or making any alteration to any information on the Website;
e.
accessing or attempting to access other parties' user accounts;
f.
hacking or attempting to hack any part of the Website, or any system used to run it, or any system accessed through the Website;
g.
disrupting the flow of communications in interactive areas;
h.
storing personal data derived from the Website;
i.
posting material which:
i. infringes intellectual property rights;
ii. defames or threatens other people or organisations;
iii. is offensive, obscene or hateful, or which other users of the Website are likely to consider offensive, obscene or hateful.
Use of this Website by members of the University is also subject to the
University's Rules for Computer Use
.
The University collects e-mail addresses and other contact details, together with any comments provided voluntarily via this Website. The University also collects information on what pages are visited. This information is used to improve the content of the Website and to make contact for marketing purposes and for the supply of information.
These terms are governed by English law, and the Courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction in relation to them.
If any of these terms is found to be illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, the term(s) in question will be severed; but the remaining terms will continue in force.
© University of Oxford, 2015
Share This
Tweet
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
Share on Reddit